Logo
Search
Introduction
Future Dated Obligations
Standards
Security Profile
Consumer Experience
Banking APIs
Common APIs
Schemas
Admin APIs
Authorisation Scopes
Non-functional Requirements
Known Issues
Change Log
Archives
Consumer Data Standards Home
CDR Standards on GitHub
CDR Maintenance on GitHub
CDR Register
Swagger (JSON)
Swagger (YAML)
Introduction
 This is an archived version of the Consumer Data Right Standards and is retained for reference only.
These standards have been developed as part of the Australian Government's introduction of the Consumer Data Right legislation to give Australians greater control over their data.

The Consumer Data Right (CDR) is intended to be applied sector by sector across the whole economy, beginning in the banking, energy and telecommunications sectors. These standards have been developed to facilitate the Consumer Data Right by acting as a specific baseline for implementation.

CSIRO’s Data61 has been appointed as the Data Standards Body (DSB) for the CDR regime. These standards have been prepared by the DSB. The work of the team is overseen by the Data Standards Chair, Mr. Andrew Stevens, with industry and consumer advice provided by an Advisory Committee. The work of standards development is conducted in close consultation with the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) as lead regulator of the Consumer Data Right, supported by the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).

The standards are required to be published. The obligations on CDR participants to apply the published standards commence on the commencement of the Consumer Data Right rules:

where the rules require compliance with the standards, non-compliance with the standards may constitute a breach of the rules.
where the standards are specified as binding standards as required by the Consumer Data Right rules for the purposes of s56FA of the legislation, they apply as under contract between a data holder and an accredited data recipient. The legal effect of binding standards as between data holders and accredited data recipients is fully set out in s56FD and s56FE of the legislation.
Future Dated Obligations
The standards, as published from time to time, may include specific statements indicating that a specific section of the standards will not take effect until a future date or may cease to have effect on some future date.

The table below highlights these areas of the standards.

Section	Description	Applicable Date
Non-functional Requirements	The non-functional requirements for the CDR regime are documented but are not yet binding with no specific future binding date being set as yet	Not yet specified
Get Product Detail V3	Version 3 of this end point must be made available by affected data holders by the end of February 2021	February 28th 2021
Get Product Detail V2	Version 2 of this end point must be made available by affected data holders by the end of July 2020	July 31st 2020
Get Product Detail V1	Data holders may obsolete version 1 of this end point from August 29th 2020. Data recipients must upgrade their implementations to use version 2 by this time	August 29th 2020
Get Products V3	Version 3 of this end point must be made available by affected data holders by the end of February 2021	February 28th 2021
Get Products V2	Version 2 of this end point must be made available by affected data holders by the end of July 2020	July 31st 2020
Get Products V1	Data holders may obsolete version 1 of this end point from August 29th 2020. Data recipients must upgrade their implementations to use version 2 by this time	August 29th 2020
Get Product Detail V2	Version 2 of this end point must be made available by affected data holders by the end of July 2020	July 31st 2020
Get Product Detail V1	Data holders may obsolete version 1 of this end point from August 29th 2020. Data recipients must upgrade their implementations to use version 2 by this time	August 29th 2020
Concurrent Consent	The target state concurrent consent solution covers various components of the Information Security profile is being phased in with alignment to the November 2020 implementation milestone set by the ACCC. If this milestone moves then this obligation will also move.	November 1st 2020
Token Revocation End Point	Data recipients may obsolete this end point from February 1st 2021.
Data holders may obsolete consent revocation via this end point from February 1st 2021, however they must still support oAuth token revocation. Data recipients must upgrade their implementations to use the Data Holder CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point by this time.	February 1st 2021
Get Metrics V2	Version 2 of this end point must be made available by affected data holders by the end of July 2021	July 31st 2021
Token Introspection claims	Whilst Data Holders must conform with the FAPI normative references, requiring the scope claim, the standards were clarified in v1.5.0 to clarify the minimum required set of claims to be supported by the Token Introspection end point. Data holders must support the scope claim not later than February 1st 2021	February 1st 2021
Standards
These standards represent version 1.5.1 of the high level standards. See the versioning section for more information on how versions are managed in the standard.

Note that, in this proposal, the key words MUST, MUST NOT, REQUIRED, SHALL, SHALL NOT, SHOULD, SHOULD NOT, RECOMMENDED, MAY, and OPTIONAL are to be interpreted as described in RFC2119.

Principles
The following principles, classified as Outcome Principles and Technical Principles, are the basis for the development of the standards for the Consumer Data Right.

Outcome Principles
These principles articulate qualitative outcomes that the API definitions should seek to deliver.

Outcome Principle 1: APIs are secure
The API definitions will consider and incorporate the need for a high degree of security to protect customer data. This includes the risk of technical breach but also additional concerns of inadvertent data leakage through overly broad data payloads and scopes. The security of customer data is a first order outcome that the API standards must seek to deliver.

Outcome Principle 2: APIs use open standards
In order to promote widespread adoption, open standards that are robust and widely used in the industry will be used wherever possible.

Outcome Principle 3: Data sharing provides a positive consumer experience
The standards will ensure that CDR consumers have simple, informed, and trustworthy data sharing experiences that provide them with positive outcomes over the short and long term.

Outcome Principle 4: APIs provide a good developer experience
To ensure that the entry hurdle for new developers is low the experience of the developers that are building clients using the APIs will be considered. The ability for a developer to easily understand and write code using the APIs in modern development environments should be facilitated by the API standards.

Outcome Principle 5: Standards are consistent across sectors
The standards will strive for consistency in patterns, structure, security mechanisms and user experience across sectors to facilitate the development of customer experiences and services that are able to integrate data from multiple sectors seamlessly and to reduce the cost of customer education for new sectors.

Technical Principles
These principles articulate specific technical outcomes that the API definitions should seek to deliver.

Technical Principle 1: APIs are RESTful
The API standards will adhere to RESTful API concepts where possible and sensible to do so. In particular the concepts of statelessness and resource orientation will be followed.

Technical Principle 2: APIs are implementation agnostic
The underlying implementation of the APIs should not be constrained or driven by the API definitions and standards. Conversely, the underlying implementation choices should not be visible or derivable to the client applications using the APIs.

Technical Principle 3: APIs are simple
As complexity will increase implementation costs for both holders and clients as well as reduce the utility of the APIs, API definitions should seek to be as simple as possible but no simpler.

Technical Principle 4: APIs are rich in capability
As the APIs are defined care should be taken to ensure that the data payloads defined represent rich data sets that can be used in many scenarios, including scenarios not necessarily front of mind during the design process.

Technical Principle 5: APIs are performant
The API definitions should consider and incorporate performance implications during design ensuring that repeated calls are not necessary for simple use cases and that payload sizes do not introduce performance issues.

Technical Principle 6: APIs are consistent
The API definitions across the full suite of APIs should be consistent with each other as much as possible. Where possible common data structures and patterns should be defined and reused.

Technical Principle 7: APIs are version controlled and backwards compatible
As the API definitions evolve care will be taken to ensure the operation of existing clients are protected when breaking changes occur. Breaking changes will be protected by a well-defined version control model and by a policy of maintaining previous versions for a period of time to allow for backwards compatibility.

Technical Principle 8: APIs are extensible
The API definitions and standards should be built for extensibility. This extensibility should accommodate future API categories and industry sectors but it should also allow for extension by data holders to create unique, value add offerings to the ecosystem.

Consumer Experience Principles
These principles articulate qualitative outcomes for consumer experience that the standards should seek to deliver.

CX Principle 1: The CDR is Consumer-centric
The CDR consumer experience is intuitive and is centred on consumer attitudes, needs, behaviours, and expectations – noting that these may change over time.

CX Principle 2: The CDR is Accessible and Inclusive
A diverse range of people are able to access, use, and comprehend the CDR ecosystem regardless of their background, situation, experience, or personal characteristics.

CX Principle 3: The CDR is Comprehensible
When interacting with the CDR, consumers are able to understand the following:

who their data is shared with;
what information is shared;
when sharing begins and ceases;
where data is shared to and from;
why their data is being requested; and
how they can manage and control the sharing and use of their data.
CX Principle 4: The CDR is Simple and Empowering
Consumer interactions with the CDR are as simple as possible, but not at the expense of informed consent, consumer control, transparency, privacy, or comprehension. Consumers should be encouraged to be privacy conscious without experiencing cognitive loads that lead to disengagement. Consumers should also be empowered by the CDR without interactive burdens being placed on them.

CX Principle 5: Consent is Current
Consent is granted at a point in time and is only as current as the consumer’s original intent. Consumer attitudes and behaviours may change over time and be impacted by external events such as the expansion of the CDR or consumer awareness. Consent terms should always align to current consumer preferences.

Versioning
The standards have adopted a two level versioning strategy. The high level standards (including principles, Uniform Resource Identifier structure, payload naming conventions, etc) be versioned and each API end point will have an additional version specific to that end point.

Documentation Versioning
Sample versioning of the standards documentation is as follows: 1.12.2 - meaning major version 1, minor version 12 and bugfix version 2

The standards documentation will be versioned using three version parts <major>.<minor>.<bug fix>. This version will be used to describe updates in the Change Log.

Each of the three components will be independently incrementing integers and are described as follows:

major: Major version of the standards. Reserved for increment only when a set of changes are applied that are large enough to make co-existence in the same implementation environment with previous versions untenable. This would include major changes to the information security profile, major changes to the high level standards or a change in basic protocols.
minor: Significant changes to the standards. This would include changes that require approval by the Chair of the Data Standards Body such as new end points and new versions of existing end points.
bug fix: Minor documentation changes that clarify or correct the standards but do not meaningfully alter the standards.
Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) Versioning
The base URI structure containing the version for this standard is:
http://<holder path>/cds-au/v<major version>

The high level standard will be versioned as described above. The major component of this version will be embedded in the URI Structure for the APIs. This allows for a data holder to support multiple major versions of the standards in production even if the significant breaking changes occur between major versions.

End Point Versioning
Each end point will have multiple versions independent of other end points. A specific end point version will be requested by a client using a HTTP header. This header will be supported by all end points under the API standards. See the section on HTTP Headers for more information on how versions are requested and supplied under the standards.

URI Structure
Some example URIs that meet this standard are:
http://www.bank.com.au/api/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts
http://www.bank.com.au/complex/uri/taxonomy/cds-au/v1/banking/products
http://www.energyretailer.com.au/api/cds-au/v1/energy/usage

The URI structure for API end points in the standards MUST be implemented as follows:
<holder path> / cds-au / <version> / <industry> / <resource>

The components of this URI structure are described as follows:

Holder Path: The holder path is a base path set by the data holder. It can be any URI desired by the holder. While all authenticated end points must be accessible under the same holder path the data holder may stipulate a different holder path for unauthenticated end points.
“cds-au”: This is a static string representing the end points defined by the Consumer Data Standards for Australia. This static string allows for separation from other APIs available at the same base holder path and also allows for extension if the standards are adopted by another jurisdiction in whole or in part.
Version: The major version of the high level standards. This is not the version of the endpoint or the payload being requested but the version of the overall standards being applied. This version number will be “v” followed by the major version of the standards as a positive integer (e.g. v1, v12 or v76).
Industry: A static string used to separate APIs for a specific industry. As standards for new industries are defined the list of industry strings will be extended.
Resource: The URI for the specific resource requested. This end point URI will be defined as part of the end point definitions for each API group.
Note that the currently accepted values for the Industry component of the base path are:

banking – for APIs related to banking and potentially wider financial services data
energy – for APIs related to the energy distribution industry
telco – for APIs related to telecommunications
common – for APIs that potentially span industries
Resource URIs
Resources that are collections, and members of collections, will follow the JSONAPI.org recommendation.

Under this model, collections, individual members and collection sub-resources would be accessed as follows:

GET …/accounts	Returns an array of accounts
GET …/accounts/{id}	Returns the detail of a specific account
GET …/accounts/transactions	Returns the transactions of multiple accounts
GET …/accounts/{id}/transactions	Returns the transactions of a specific account
POST …/accounts	Create a new account
POST …/accounts/search	Returns an array of accounts based on a complex query
The final example above represents a complex query accessed via a POST request. In this situation the POST URI should be applied to a sub-resource of the collection. A POST to a collection is reserved for the creation of a new collection member.

If no valid sub-resource exists then a dedicated sub-resource should be created, such as the “search” URI listed in the example above.

HTTP Headers
Supported HTTP headers, and their usage, for the standards are as laid out in the following sections.

Request Headers
A sample set of headers requesting version 3 to 5:

Content-Type : application/json;charset=UTF-8
Accept : application/json;charset=UTF-8
x-v : 5
x-min-v : 3
x-fapi-interaction-id : 6ba7b814-9dad-11d1-80b4-00c04fd430c8
x-fapi-auth_date : 2020-01-16 16:50:15.507399
x-fapi-customer-ip-address : 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334
x-cds-client-headers : TW96aWxsYS81LjAgKFgxMTsgTGludXggeDg2XzY0KSBBcHBsZVdlYktpdC81MzcuMzYgKEtIVE1MLCBsaWtlIEdlY2tvKSBDaHJvbWUvNzkuMC4zOTQ1Ljg4IFNhZmFyaS81MzcuMzY=

A Data Holder must be able to process Content-Type headers in accordance with [RFC7231]. The following would be valid:

Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Type: AppliCAtion/JSon;Charset=uTf-8

A Data Holder must be able to process Accept headers in accordance with [RFC7231]. The following would be valid:

Accept: */*
Accept: application/json;charset=UTF-8
Accept: application/json
Accept-Encoding: charset=UTF-8
Accept: AppliCAtion/JSon;Charset=uTf-8

Header Field	Description	Mandatory?
Content-Type	Standard HTTP Header. Represents the format of the payload provided in the request. The media type must be set to application/json. Mandatory for PUT and POST calls.	Conditional
Accept	If specified, the media type must be set to application/json, unless otherwise specified in the resource end point standard. \n\n If set to an unacceptable value the holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. If not specified, or a wildcard (/) is provided, the default media type is application/json.	Optional
x-v	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent.
If all versions requested are not supported then the holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.	Mandatory
x-min-v	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent.
If all versions requested are not supported then the holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.	Optional
x-<HID>-v	A holder specific version of extension fields. Should not be used in conjunction with x-min-v.	Optional
x-fapi-interaction-id	An optional [RFC4122] UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must "play back" this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header.	Optional
x-fapi-auth-date	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient as described in [FAPI-R]. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not required for unauthenticated calls.	Conditional
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.	Conditional
x-cds-client-headers	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
This header is not required to include:
Headers containing security information
Custom or proprietary headers used to facilitate the client application
Conditional
Response headers
Header Field	Description	Mandatory?
Content-Type	Standard HTTP Header. Represents the format of the payload returned in the response.
Must be application/json unless otherwise specified in the resource end point standard.	Mandatory
Retry-After	Header indicating the time (in seconds) that the client should wait before retrying an operation. The holder should include this header along with responses with the HTTP status code of 429 Too many requests.	Optional
x-v	The version of the API end point that the holder has responded with.	Mandatory
x-fapi-interaction-id	An [RFC4122] UUID used as a correlation id. The data holder must set the response header x-fapi-interaction-id to the value received from the corresponding request header or to a new [RFC4122] UUID value if the request header was not provided.	Mandatory
Additional Headers
Generally understood headers used in HTTP transactions to provide caching guidance and the use of the compression are not specified but are considered acceptable. It is at the discretion of the data holder if these headers are used for a specific implementation. Data holders should not require these headers for successful API access, however.

HTTP Response Codes
The handling and usage of HTTP response codes for the standards will be according to the following table.

Situation	HTTP Status	Notes	POST	GET	DELETE
Query completed successfully	200 OK		Yes	Yes	No
Normal execution. The request has succeeded.	201 Created	The operation results in the creation of a new resource.	Yes	No	No
Delete operation completed successfully	204 No Content		No	No	Yes
The response is not modified since last call	304 Not Modified	May be returned if standard caching headers such as ETag or If-modified-since are utilised	Yes	Yes	No
Request has malformed, missing or non-compliant JSON body or URL parameters	400 Bad Request	The requested operation will not be carried out.	Yes	Yes	Yes
Authorization header missing or invalid token	401 Unauthorized	The operation was refused access. Re-authenticating may result in an appropriate token that may be used.	Yes	Yes	Yes
Token has incorrect scope or a security policy was violated.	403 Forbidden	The operation was refused access. Re-authenticating is unlikely to remediate the situation. It is expected that this error will result in an error payload	Yes	Yes	Yes
The consumer tried to access the resource with a method that is not supported.	405 Method Not Allowed		Yes	Yes	Yes
The request contained an Accept header other than permitted media types, a character set other than UTF-8 or a version that was not supported	406 Not Acceptable		Yes	Yes	Yes
The operation was refused because the payload is in a format not supported by this method on the target resource.	415 Unsupported Media Type		Yes	No	No
The request was well formed but was unable to be processed due to business logic specific to the request	422 Unprocessable Entity	If applicable to the HTTP method it is expected that this error will result in an error payload	Yes	Yes	No
The operation was refused as too many requests have been made within a certain timeframe.	429 Too Many Requests	Throttling is a NFR. The data holder should include a Retry-After header in the response indicating how long the data consumer must wait before retrying the operation.	Yes	Yes	Yes
Something went wrong on the API gateway or micro-service	500 Internal Server Error	The operation failed.	Yes	Yes	Yes
Service is currently unavailable	503 Service Unavailable		Yes	Yes	Yes
The server was unable to respond in a timely manner	504 Gateway Timeout	Returned if a timeout has occurred but a resend of the original request is viable (otherwise use 500 instead)	Yes	Yes	Yes
Payload Conventions
This section of the standard outlines the request and response payload structures for all API end points as well as the naming conventions for fields.

Request Payload Structure
A sample request would be structured as follows:

{
  “data”: {
    ...
  },
  “meta”: {
    ...
  }
}
Each API request payload MUST have a JSON object at the root level known as the root object. This object MUST contain a data object to hold the primary data for the request.

The root object will contain a meta object if, and only if, it is specifically REQUIRED by the end point. The meta object is used to provide additional information such as second factor authorisation data, traffic management, pagination counts or other purposes that are complementary to the workings of the API.

The definition of the contents for the data object and meta object will be defined separately for each end point.

Response Payload Structure
A sample successful response:

{
  “data”: {
    ...
  },
  “links”: {
    “self”: “...”
  },
  “meta”: {
    ...
  }
}
A sample unsuccessful response:

{
  “errors”: [
    {
      “code”: “...”,
      “title”: “...”,
      “detail”: “...”
    }, {
      “code”: “...”,
      “title”: “...”,
      “detail”: “...”,
      “meta”: {
        ...
      }
    }
  ]
}
Each API request payload MUST have a JSON object at the root level known as the root object.

The contents of the root object are as follows:

If the response is successful (200 OK) the root object:
MUST contain a data object
MUST contain a links object
MAY contain a meta object if REQUIRED by the definition of the specific end point
If the response is unsuccessful (not 200 OK) the root object:
MAY contain an errors object (as per the specific end point definition)
The definition of the contents for the data object and meta object will be defined separately for each end point.

The links object will contain links to related API end points. This will include links to support pagination.

The links object MUST contain a field named self that will have the fully qualified URI to the current request as a value.

The errors object will be an array of zero or more unnamed objects. The fields in each of these objects will be as follows:

code field MUST be present: holds an end point specific error code
title field MUST be present: holds a human readable label of the error that is constant per code
detail field MUST be present: holds a human readable description of this specific error
meta object MAY be present: holds additional end point specific data relevant to the error
Field Naming Conventions
Valid Characters In Field Names
All field names defined in either a request or response payload MUST be treated as case sensitive by clients and servers, and they MUST meet all of the following conditions:

Member names MUST contain at least one character.
Member names MUST contain only the allowed characters listed below:
U+0061 to U+007A, a-z
U+0041 to U+005A, A-Z
U+0030 to U+0039, 0-9
Additionally, the following characters are allowed in field names, except as the first or last character:
U+002D HYPHEN-MINUS, '-'
U+005F LOW LINE, '_'
U+0024 DOLLAR SIGN, '$'
Any other character MUST NOT be used in field names.

Field Naming Style
Field names MUST be meaningful names with defined semantics.

Fields representing the same data in different payloads or different parts of a payload MUST have the same name.

Array types SHOULD have plural field names. All other field names SHOULD be singular.

Field names MUST be defined using camel case with the following clarifications:

If a field name is a single acronym it SHOULD be lowercase
If a field name contains an acronym along with other words it MAY be uppercase
The first character in a field name SHOULD be lower case unless it is part of an acronym
Fields MUST NOT be named using reserved javascript tokens.

Maps
For JSON maps (i.e. key/value pairs) any Unicode character MAY be used as a field name and stylistic requirements do not apply.

Field Property Conventions
Field Data Types
Each field defined for the payloads of an end point MUST have an assigned data type.

The list of valid data types are set out in the common field types section. If a custom data type is required for a field then the field SHOULD be classified as a string with a clear description of how the property value is to be interpreted or defined.

Mandatory/Optional Fields
Each field defined for the payloads of an end point MUST have an assigned status of mandatory, optional or conditional.

Mandatory fields MUST be present and have a non-null value in a request or response payload for the payload to be considered valid.

Optional fields MAY be present but this is not guaranteed. It is also valid for these fields to be present but have a null value. Note that optional fields indicate that data may sometimes not be held by a Data Holder and this is an expected scenario.

Conditional fields MUST have an associated conditional statement. If the conditional statement is true in a specific request or response the field is considered mandatory. If the conditional statement is false then the field is considered optional.

 Note that for optional fields are not considered optionally implementable by a Data Holder. For instance, if a Data Holder holds data in digital form for a Customer that is represented in a payload then it is expected that this data will be shared when authorised by the Customer. For payloads unrelated to Customers, such as product reference data, there is more discretion for the Data Holder but other drivers, such as complementary regulation or the requirement to align to other channels, should be taken into consideration.
Empty/Null Fields
An empty field (ie. a field that is not present in a payload) will be considered equivalent with a field that is present with a null value.

An empty string (“”) is not considered to be equivalent to null.

A Boolean value of false is not considered to be equivalent to null. Optional Boolean fields, by implication, have three possible values: true, false and indeterminate (ie. null).

Object conventions
Sample union object structure:

“data”: {
    [
        {
            “shapeUType”: “circle”,
            “circle”: {
            }
        },
        {
            “shapeUType”: “square”,
            “square”: {
            }
        }
    ]
}
A specific convention will apply to union objects.

In the standards a union object is used in a situation where a set of data can be represented with different sets of fields depending on the context. To maintain strong typing of the fields one of a series of known object structures will be used. An example where this technique is used in the standard is in the definition of account balances where balance information can be represented differently, but unambiguously, for different account types.

For union objects an additional field, with a known suffix, is used to identify the object type that has been provided specifically.

As the name of this field is constant it can be used to perform an indirect lookup on the object type that has actually been provided removing the need to scan for which object is present.

A field of this type will always be specified with the suffix UType meaning Union Type.

Array Conventions
Samples for providing array values:

## Many-values:
"middleNames": ["Geoff", "John"],
"errors": [
    {
      "code": "...",
      "title": "...",
      "detail": "..."
    }, {
      "code": "...",
      "title": "...",
      "detail": "..."
    }
]

## Single-value:
"middleNames": ["Geoff"],
"errors": [
    {
      "code": "...",
      "title": "...",
      "detail": "..."
    }
]

## Empty array:
"middleNames": [ ],
"errors": [ ]

Unless otherwise stated within the data standards, arrays are explicitly expressed in response payloads.

Mandatory fields
In objects where an array field is defined as having 0..n values, the array field must be explicitly expressed as an array in the payload, even if it only contains one item or is empty.

This applies equally for object arrays. Where a field is defined as an array value, the response should be: * an array of objects, * an array of values, or * an empty array ([]).

An empty array is the representation for an array equivalent to an empty string.

Optional fields
If the field is optional a null value or empty field response is accepted.

Normative references
The only exception to this, unless explicitly stated, is normative standards. The requirements for expressing arrays within those normative standards apply per the normative references.

Common Field Types
The following table outlines the common data types for fields used in the standard.

Type	Description	Valid Examples
String	Standard UTF-8 string but unrestricted in content. Any valid Unicode character can be used.	
ASCIIString	Standard UTF-8 string but limited to the ASCII character set.	
Boolean	Standard JSON boolean	true
false
Enum	String representing an option from a defined list of values
- All possible values should be provided
- Values should be in all caps
- Spaces should be replaced with under bars '_'
- Values should be limited to the ASCII character set	“OPTION1”
“ANOTHER_OPTION”
“VAL_ABC_123”
NaturalNumber	A natural number (ie. a positive integer inclusive of zero)	0
1
10000
PositiveInteger	A positive integer (zero excluded)	1
10000
NegativeInteger	A negative integer inclusive of zero	0
-1
-10000
Integer	Any positive or negative integer inclusive of zero	1
0
-1
Number	A standard floating point number. Can be positive, negative or zero	0.1
-100.09
10
90.09
Base64	Base64 encoded string as per RFC 4648	Q29uc3VtZXIgRGF0YSBSaWdodA==
DateTimeString	Combined Date and Time string as per RFC- 3339 (labelled date-time in the RFC). As specified in RFC-3339 times should be offset relative to UTC	“2007-05-01T15:43:00.12345Z”
“2012-12-25T15:43:00-08:00”
“1997-01-12T15:43:00.121Z”
DateString	Date string as per RFC-3339 (labelled full-date in the RFC)	“2007-05-01”
“2012-12-25”
TimeString	Time string as per RFC-3339 (labelled full-time in the RFC). As specified in RFC-3339 times should be offset relative to UTC	“15:43:00.12345Z”
“15:43:00-12:00”
CurrencyString	Standard 3 character currency codes as per ISO-4217	“AUD”
“USD”
“GBP”
RateString	A string representing an interest rate. A rate of 100% would be represented by the value 1.0 and a rate of -100% by -1.0
- At least 1 and up to a total of 16 significant digits before decimal point
- Up to 16 digits following the decimal point
- No formatting, eg thousand separating commas	“0.05”
“-0.05”
“12.3456789”
“-99.123456789123”
AmountString	A string representing an amount of currency.
- A positive, zero or negative number
- Negative numbers identified with a ‘-‘
- No currency symbols should be supplied
- At least 1 and up to a total of 16 significant digits before decimal point
- Minimum 2 digits following a decimal point (more digits allowable but only if required)
- No additional formatting, eg thousand separating commas	“0.01”
“10.00”
“1234567.89”
“-1001.23”
“1.999”
MaskedPANString	Masked credit card number. Lower case ‘x’ should be used to mask numbers and only the last four digits should be exposed to facilitate identification. This type is expected to be used for display so the format should be logical for this context	"xxxx xxxx xxxx 1234"
MaskedAccountString	Masked bank account number genericised for a variety of account types. Should be represented as the full account number would normally be represented for display (including formatting) but with all digits except the last four replaced with a lowercase x. This type is expected to be used for display so the format should be logical for this context	"xxxx xxxx xxxx 1234"
"xxx-xxx xxxxx1234"
URIString	A valid URI	"http://www.google.com"
ExternalRef	The format is defined by an external reference such as ISO standard or an RFC	Swift bank codes using ISO 9362
Pagination
Each API end point that can return multiple records will stipulate whether pagination is supported for the end point or not. For end points that will return less than a reasonably sized page of results in the majority of circumstances support for paging may not be included.

Note that the use of paging for an end point does not require or preclude the use of filtering query parameters. It is expected that filtering and paging will be applied independently of each other.

Query Parameters
The consumer will stipulate pagination requirements on the request using query parameters. When paging is supported the consumer MAY provide the following query parameters:

page – the page number being requested (with the first page being 1)
page-size – the number of records to return in each page
If the query parameters are not provided the following defaults will be assumed:

page – a default of 1 (the first page) will be assumed
page-size – a default of 25 will be assumed
Response Fields
In addition to the data requested a holder MUST provide the following additional information in the response payload:

In the links object the following fields are to be provided:
first - A URI to request the first page. Mandatory if this response is not the first page.
last - A URI to request the last page. Mandatory if this response is not the last page.
prev - A URI to the previous page. Mandatory if this response is not the first page.
next - A URI to the next page. Mandatory if this response is not the last page.
In the meta object the following fields are to be provided:
totalRecords - The total number of records in the set. This field MUST be present.
totalPages - The total number of pages in the set. This field MUST be present. If totalRecords is 0 totalPages MUST be 0.
For each of these fields the page size specified in the request should be assumed when calculating values.

Additional Pagination Rules
Holders are not expected to implement pagination with transaction isolation. The underlying data-set may change between two subsequent requests. This may result in situations where the same transaction is returned on more than one page.
A maximum page size of 1000 records is assumed for all end points (unless otherwise stipulated in the end point definition). If a page size greater than this maximum is requested then a HTTP status of 422 Unprocessable Entity SHOULD be returned.
Cursor Support
For performance reasons data holders may wish to support other pagination patterns such as cursors or continuation tokens. While the standard does not explicitly support these additional mechanisms it is considered allowable to implement these patterns and expose them via the pagination links.

In this scenario the URIs included in the links for other pages may not be compliant with the standard and may, instead, include other query parameters that support another pagination pattern. It is expected that all other pagination requirements such as link fields and meta fields will still be supported if other patterns are implemented.

To allow for a more performant implementation data consumers are encouraged to utilise pagination links wherever possible and only use constructed URIs for the first page or if random access to a specific set of records is required.

ID Permanence
Within these standards resource IDs are REQUIRED to comply with the following:

An ID for a resource should only be specified in the API standard if an end point exists to obtain detail for that resource or to change the state of the resource.
If an ID is specified in the standards for a resource then it is mandatory and MUST be supplied, by the data holder, in accordance with the standards.
If an ID is specified the ID value MUST be entirely arbitrary and have no inherent meaning. For instance, an ID should not be a combination of other fields or a string that can be parsed to extract meaningful information.
IDs SHOULD be unique but that uniqueness may be within a clearly bounded context. For example, a beneficiary ID may be unique but only in the context of a specific account. The bounds of uniqueness should be clearly described in the standards definition for the end point.
IDs MUST be immutable across sessions and consents but MUST NOT be transferable across data recipients. For example, data recipient A obtaining an account ID would get a different result from data recipient B obtaining the ID for the same account even if the same customer authorised the access. Under this constraint IDs cannot be usefully transferred between client organisations or data holders.
IDs MUST NOT be transferable between different customers for the same data recipient. For example, a data recipient should obtain a different ID for a joint account if the ID was obtained independently using authorisations from both customers.
In payloads the field name of “id” should NEVER be used. Each ID field should be meaningfully named so that wherever that ID is used across multiple end points it always refers to the same ID set. For instance, the IDs for accounts would be represented in JSON in a field named “accountId”.
Extensibility
The Consumer Data Right standards will not cover all possible data sets or APIs that participants may wish to expose. Participants may also wish to innovate on top of the API standards by offering additional data to meet specific market opportunities. It is desirable that the standards not only allow for this to occur but actively encourage it with specific additions to the standards to enable such extension.

At the same time, it is important that a participant seeking to provide extensions does not hinder a data consumer that is only built for the published standards.

To accommodate these concerns the standards incorporate the following considerations specifically related to extension by data holders.

The three types of extension that the standards address are:

Data holder offering entirely new API categories that are not covered by the API Standards
Data holder offering additional end points to an API category that is already covered by the standards
Data holder offering additional fields to the response payloads for an end point defined in the standards
Holder Identifier
For example, the prefixes for the four major Banks included in the first phases of implementation would be:

CBA – Commonwealth Bank
WBC – Westpac Banking Corporation
ANZ – ANZ Banking Group
NAB – National Australia Bank
Data holders seeking to extend the standards MUST nominate a prefix to identify all extensions. Extended fields and end points and would use this prefix consistently. This prefix would be, by preference, the ASX symbol for the holder. Care should be taken not to use a prefix already adopted by another holder in the regime.

In these standards, where a holder Identifier would be included, the term <HID> will be used.

New API Categories
When extending by adding new API categories a holder MUST add these to the overall URI structure by substituting the industry element with the Holder (Provider) ID.

For instance, the standard URI base path is structured as:
<holder path> / cds-au / <version> / <industry> / <resource>

For the extension API categories for a specific holder they would be structured as:
<holder path> / cds-au / <version> / <HID> / <resource>

The end points defined under this structure, including the payloads of these end points do not need to be prefixed in any way. The fact that they are underneath the holder section implies that they are additional to the standard.

Note that:

This mechanism MUST NOT be used to create modified duplicates of the end points defined in the API Standards
The end points in this area MUST comply with the standard's conventions and principles including naming conventions and data types.
New End Points In Existing API Categories
When creating new end points that are in parallel to existing API categories in the standard the Holder Identifier MUST be used to prefix the highest URI element where divergence occurs.

For example, assume an existing balance end point is defined as follows:
<base path>/accounts/{account ID}/transactions

and the holder wishes to add an end point that summarises balance movement for a specific time period then they may define the end point as:
<base path>/account/{account ID}/<HID>-balance-movement

Note that:

The prefix is defined as the Holder Identifier followed by a hyphen.
As the entire end point is new, the request and payload fields do not need to be prefixed in any way.
Care should be taken to ensure there is no collision with an end point defined in the standards by specifying an extension at the same level as a variable URI element (such as at the same level of the {account ID} in the example above).
If an end point has multiple levels in the resource path only the highest point where divergence with the standard occurs needs to be prefixed.
The new end point MUST comply with standard's conventions and principles including naming conventions and data types.
Additional Fields In An Existing Response Payload
When adding a new field in an existing payload the field can be added to the JSON by prefixing the string <HID>-.

If an object is being added as an extension only the highest level object name needs to be prefixed. Any fields inside the extended object can be named normally.

Note that:

Existing fields MUST NOT be modified in any way. This includes adding new enumeration values to enum type fields.
A mandatory field MUST NOT be made optional as the result of an extension.
Request payloads can also be extended but the resulting end point should still execute successfully if the extension field is not present (by implication, extension fields in request payloads MUST be optional).
New query parameters MAY be added along the same lines as a new field in a request payload (i.e. prefixed, non-mandatory and no side effects if not present).
New headers MAY be added along the same lines as a new field in a request payload with the exception that the new header should be prefixed x-<HID>-.
New fields MUST comply with the naming conventions and data type standards used.
Additional Query Parameters
When adding support for a new query parameter to an existing end point that a data consumer is expected to supply, the new parameter should be prefixed by the string <HID>- to avoid potential collision with extension by another data holder.

Extension Versioning
As described previously in the versioning section the standard provides for multiple versions of each API end point. This implies the need for extensions to also be versioned.

An optional header x-<HID>-v will be supported for all end points that can be used by the data consumer to request a specific version of extension fields to include in the response. See the section on HTTP Headers for more information on the use of this header.

Security Profile
Overview
This information security profile builds upon the foundations of the Financial-grade API Read Write Profile [FAPI-RW] and other standards relating to Open ID Connect 1.0 [OIDC].

For information on the specific normative references that underpin this profile refer to the Normative References section.

Symbols and Abbreviated terms
API: Application Programming Interface
CA: Certificate Authority
CDR: Consumer Data Right
CDR-SP: Consumer Data Right Security Profile
CL: Credential Level
DH: Data Holder
DR: Data Recipient
DTA: Digital Transformation Agency
FAPI: Financial API
HoK: Holder of Key
JSON: The JavaScript Object Notation
JWA: JSON Web Algorithms
JWE: JSON Web Encryption
JWK: JSON Web Key
JWKS: JSON Web Key Set
JWS: JSON Web Signing
JWT: JSON Web Token
IP: Identity Proofing
LoA: Level of Assurance
LoAs: Levels of Assurance
MTLS: Mutually Authenticated Transport Layer Security
OIDC: Open ID Connect
PAR: Pushed Authorisation Requests
PI: Personal Information
PKI: Public Key Infrastructure
PPID: Pairwise Pseudonymous Identifier
REST: Representational State Transfer
TDIF: Trusted Digital Identity Framework
TLS: Transport Layer Security
CDR Federation
The CDR Federation will facilitate the secure exchange of consumer data and federation metadata between multiple system entities which will assume one or more of the following roles:

Data Holder:
Multiple Data Holders will be supported.
Data Recipient:
Multiple Data Recipients will be supported.
Register:
A register will be supported and will be maintained by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC).
Customer:
The authorising customer that is authenticated by a Data Holder.
Data Holder
The Data Holder (DH) is a system entity that authenticates a Customer (resource owner or user), as part of an authorisation process initiated by a Data Recipient, and issues an authorisation for that Data Recipient to access the Customer's data via published APIs.

A Data Holder assumes the role of an [OIDC] OpenID Provider.

For the purposes of this standard a single designated organisation may be represented via the Register as multiple separate Data Holders to support multiple brands or market identities.

Data Recipient
A Data Recipient (DR) is a system entity that is authorised by a Data Holder to access consumer resources (APIs). A Data Recipient MUST capture consumer consent prior to commencing an authorisation process with a Data Holder.

A Data Recipient MUST be accredited in order to participate in the CDR Federation. Accreditation rules for Data Recipients are beyond the scope of this artifact.

A Data Recipient assumes the role of an [OIDC] Relying Party (Client).

For the purposes of this standard a single accredited organisation may be represented via the Register as multiple separate Data Recipients to support multiple applications or services.

Register
 NOTE: This section is reflective of the positioning of the Register in the CDR Rules Exposure Draft
The Register is a central point of discovery for both Data Holders and Data Recipients. Data Holders and Data Recipients must be created as entities in the Register in order for them to participate as members of the CDR Federation. The functionality of the Register will include but will not be limited to:

Management of Identities and Access: The Register will allow registered persons, on behalf of Data Holders and Data Recipients, to manage the metadata of their associated organisations and systems.
Management of Certificates: The Register will facilitate the issuing, management and revocation of digital certificates.
Discoverability and Search: The Register will expose APIs and Web Interfaces in order to support metadata queries across Register entities.
Customer
For the purposes of this standard a single person or individual may be represented as multiple Customers according to the practice of the Data Holder according to their existing digital channels.

Authentication Flows
This profile supports the authentication flows specified by OpenID Connect [OIDC] as constrained further by FAPI [FAPI].

Specifically the Hybrid Flow outlined at section 3.3 of [OIDC].

No other flows are currently supported.


OIDC Hybrid Flow
The [OIDC] Hybrid Flow is a type of redirection flow where the consumer's user agent is redirected from a Data Recipient’s (Relying Party) web site to a Data Holder’s Authorisation end point in the context of an [OIDC] authentication request. The Hybrid flow incorporates aspects of the both the implicit flow and authorisation code flow detailed under [OIDC].

Only a response_type (see section 3 of [OIDC]) of code id_token SHALL be allowed.

The request_uri parameter is only supported if the Data Holder supports PAR.

In addition, the following statements are applicable for this flow:

Data Holders MUST request a user identifier that can uniquely identify the customer and that is already known by the customer in the redirected page
Data Holders MUST NOT request that the customer enter an existing password in the redirected page
Data Holders MUST provide a one-time password (OTP) to the customer through an existing channel or mechanism that the customer can then enter into the redirected page
The delivery mechanism for the OTP is at the discretion of the Data Holder but MUST align to existing and preferred channels for the customer and MUST NOT introduce unwarranted friction into the authentication process
Data Holders SHOULD implement additional controls to minimise the risk of interception of the OTP through the selected delivery mechanism
The provided OTP MUST be used only for authentication for CDR based sharing and MUST NOT be usable for the authorisation of other transactions or actions
The provided OTP MUST be invalidated after a period of time at the discretion of the Data Holder. This expiry period SHOULD facilitate enough time for the customer to reasonably complete the authorisation process
The provided OTP MUST be numeric digits and be between 4 and 6 digits in length
The algorithm for the creation of the OTP is at the discretion of the Data Holder but SHOULD incorporate a level of pseudorandomness appropriate for the use case
Data Holders SHOULD implement additional controls to minimise the risk of enumeration attacks via the redirect page
Data recipients SHOULD record the following information each time an authorisation flow is executed: username (consumer’s ID at the data recipient), timestamp, IP, consent scopes and duration.
In line with CDR Rule 4.24 on restrictions when asking CDR consumers to authorise disclosure of CDR data, unwarranted friction for OTP delivery is considered to include:

the addition of any requirements beyond normal data holder practices for verification code delivery
providing or requesting additional information beyond normal data holder practices for verification code delivery
offering additional or alternative services
reference or inclusion of other documents
Additional requirements and guidelines for this flow are contained in the Consumer Experience section.


Client Authentication
This section outlines how participants in the CDR regime will authenticate clients seeking access to end points.

Note that, while [MTLS] is utilised for transaction security and as a Holder of Key mechanism, the PKI Mutual TLS OAuth Client Authentication Method SHALL NOT be supported as the mechanism for client authentication.

CDR Register calling Data Holders and Data Recipients
Non-Normative Example - CDR Register calls the Data holder's Get Metrics end point with Client Authentication (note that the “aud” claim represents the AdminBaseUri as defined in CDR Register Participant Endpoints).

GET https://admin.data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/admin/metrics HTTP:/1.1
Host: admin.data.holder.com.au
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJQUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IjEyNDU2In0.ey ...

## Decoded Bearer token JWT
{
   "alg":"PS256",
   "typ":"JWT",
   "kid":"12456"
}
{
   "iss":"cdr-register",
   "sub":"cdr-register",
   "aud":"https://admin.data.holder.com.au",
   "iat":1516239022,
   "exp":1516239322,
   "jti":"32358102-a44f-43cc-ad7c-42443d01507a"
}
Data Holders and Data Recipients MUST support the authentication of the CDR Register using a signed JWT according to the following requirements:

The JWT MUST contain the following REQUIRED Claim Values and MAY contain the following OPTIONAL Claim Values:
iss - REQUIRED. Issuer. This MUST contain the static CDR Register id of ‘cdr-register’.
sub - REQUIRED. Subject. This MUST contain the static CDR Register id of ‘cdr-register’.
aud - REQUIRED. Audience. The aud (audience) Claim. Value that identifies the intended audience. The Data Holder or Data Recipient MUST verify that it is an intended audience for the token. Contents MUST be the base URI for the end point being accessed.
jti - REQUIRED. JWT ID. A unique identifier for the token, which can be used to prevent reuse of the token. These tokens MUST only be used once.
exp - REQUIRED. Expiration time on or after which the ID Token MUST NOT be accepted for processing.
iat - OPTIONAL. Time at which the JWT was issued.
Validation and use of the JWT and the claims described above MUST be performed in accordance with [JWT]
The JWT should be accepted from the client using the "Authorization Request Header Field" mechanism as described in section 2.1 of RFC6750
Data Holders calling Data Recipients
Non-Normative Example - Data Holder calls the Data Recipient's revocation end point (note that the “aud” claim is the fully qualified path to the revocation end point because the full path is also the Base URI).

POST https://data.recipient.com.au/revocation HTTP/1.1
Host: data.recipient.com.au
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJQUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IjEyNDU2In0.ey …

token=45ghiukldjahdnhzdauz&token_type_hint=refresh_token

## Decoded Bearer token JWT
{
   "alg":"PS256",
   "typ":"JWT",
   "kid":"67890"
}
{
   "iss":"dataholderbrand-123",
   "sub":"dataholderbrand-123",
   "aud":"https://data.recipient.com.au/revocation",
   "iat":1516239022,
   "exp":1516239322,
   "jti":"dba86502-7cf5-4719-9638-c5339a0ddb06"
}
Data Recipients MUST support the authentication of Data Holders using a signed JWT according to the following requirements:

The JWT MUST contain the following REQUIRED Claim Values and MAY contain the following OPTIONAL Claim Values:
iss - REQUIRED. Issuer. This MUST contain the id of the Data Holder obtained from the CDR Register.
sub - REQUIRED. Subject. This MUST contain the id of the Data Holder obtained from the CDR Register.
aud - REQUIRED. Audience. The aud (audience) Claim. Value that identifies the Data Recipient as the intended audience. The Data Recipient MUST verify that it is an intended audience for the token. Contents MUST be the base URI for the end point being accessed.
jti - REQUIRED. JWT ID. A unique identifier for the token, which can be used to prevent reuse of the token. These tokens MUST only be used once.
exp - RE QUIRED. Expiration time on or after which the ID Token MUST NOT be accepted for processing.
iat - OPTIONAL. Time at which the JWT was issued.
Validation and use of the JWT and the claims described above MUST be performed in accordance with [JWT]
The JWT should be accepted from the client using the "Authorization Request Header Field" mechanism as described in section 2.1 of RFC6750
Data Recipients calling Data Holders
Data Holders MUST support the authentication of Data Recipients using the private_key_jwt Client Authentication method specified at section 9 of [OIDC].

Non-Normative Example - Data Recipient calls Data Holder's token end point.

POST /token HTTP/1.1
Host: www.holder.com.au
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

grant_type=authorization_code&
  code=i1WsRn1uB1&
  client_id=s6BhdRkqt3&
  client_assertion_type=urn%3Aietf%3Aparams%3Aoauth%3Aclient-assertion-type%3Ajwt-bearer&
  client_assertion=eyJhbGciOiJQUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IjEyNDU2In0.ey ...

## Decoded client assertion JWT
{
  "alg": "PS256",
  "typ": "JWT",
  "kid": "12456"
}
{
  "iss": "12345",
  "sub": "12345",
  "iat": 1516239022,
  "exp": 1516239322,
  "aud": "https://www.holder.com.au/token",
  "jti": "37747cd1-c105-4569-9f75-4adf28b73e31"
}
The private_key_jwt authentication method is enabled through the delivery of an encoded [JWT] signed using the Data Recipient's private key and thus facilitates non-repudiation.

Client public keys are obtained from the [JWKS] endpoints.

The [JWT] represents an assertion that MUST include the following claims:

iss: The client ID of the bearer.
sub: The client ID of the bearer.
aud: The Token Endpoint URL.
exp: A JSON number representing the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z to the UTC expiry time.
jti: A unique identifier generated by the client for this authentication.
The following claims MAY be included:

iat: A JSON number representing the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z to the UTC issued at time.
When invoking a protected end point, the aforementioned assertion MUST be sent with the POST method and MUST include the following parameters:

grant_type: This parameter MUST only be included when invoking the Token End point and MUST be set to authorisation_code or client_credentials. The value refresh_token is also valid when refreshing an access token.
code: This parameter MUST only be included when invoking the Token End point after utilising the Hybrid Authentication flow. This is the value of the code parameter returned in the authorisation response.
client_id: The ID of the calling Client.
client_assertion_type: This MUST be set to urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-bearer.
client_assertion: The encoded assertion JWT.
OIDC Client Types
Only Confidential Clients SHALL be supported under this profile. Therefore, Public clients SHALL NOT be supported.

In reference to the client types referenced in section 2.1 of [OAUTH2]:

Confidential Clients MUST be supported under this profile.
Public clients MUST NOT be supported.
JSON Web Key Sets
Data Holder public keys MUST only be obtained from the standard OIDC end point used for that purpose.

Data Recipient public keys MUST only be obtained from the URI registered with the CDR Register.

CDR Register public keys MUST only be obtained from the end point exposed for that purpose.


Consent
Consent requirements will be communicated between the Data Recipient and Data Holder via the authorisation request object. The primary mechanism for capturing consent will be scopes and claims under [OIDC].

Other patterns for the establishment of consent may be considered in the future, including the incorporation of fine-grained consent for specific use cases.

Scopes and Claims
OIDC Scopes
In addition to CDR data scopes the following scopes MUST be supported:

openid: As described as section 3.1.2.1 of [OIDC], this scope MUST be present on each authentication request.
profile: Data Holders MUST support the profile scope as described in section 5.4 of [OIDC]. This scope MAY be present on an authentication request.
Claims
The following normal [OIDC] claims MUST be supported. This list includes, but is not limited to, [OIDC] standard claims :

sub: Pairwise Pseudonymous Identifier (PPID) for the End-User at the Data Holder.
acr: Authentication Context Class Reference. MUST contain a valid ordinal LoA value.
auth_time: Time when the End-User authentication occurred. Its value is a JSON number representing the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z to the UTC auth_time. It MUST be returned by the Data Holder in the ID Token when the Data Recipient has requested it as an essential claim according to section 2 of the [OIDC] standard. It SHOULD NOT be returned via the UserInfo endpoint.
name: End-User's full name in displayable form including all name parts.
given_name: Given name(s) or first name(s) of the End-User.
family_name: Surname(s) or last name(s) of the End-User.
updated_at: Time the End-User's information was last updated. Its value is a JSON number representing the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z to the UTC updated_at time.
The following additional claims MUST be supported:

refresh_token_expires_at: indicates the date-time at which the most recently provided refresh token will expire. Its value MUST be a number containing a NumericDate value, as specified in section 2 of section 2 [JWT]. If no refresh token has been provided then a zero value should be returned.
sharing_expires_at: indicates the date-time at which the current sharing arrangement will expire. Its value MUST be a number containing a NumericDate value, as specified in section 2 of [JWT]. If consent is not complete or a sharing_duration was not requested in the authorisation request object then a zero value should be returned.
Tokens
ID Token
Non-Normative Example - acr

{
  "iss": "https://www.holder.com.au",
  "sub": "a9ebbef6-1f0b-44eb-96cf-0c5b51b37ab2",
  "aud": "12345",
  "nonce": "n-0S6_WzA2Mj",
  "exp": 1311281970,
  "iat": 1311280970,
  "nbf": 1311280970,
  "auth_time": 1311280969,
  "acr": "urn:cds.au:cdr:3",
  "refresh_token_expires_at": 1311281970,
  "sharing_expires_at": 1311281970
}
ID Tokens are specified in section 2 of the [OIDC] standard. In accordance with [FAPI-RW], ID Tokens must be signed and encrypted when returned to a Data Recipient from both the Authorisation End Point and Token End Point.

In addition to the mandatory claims specified in section 2 of the [OIDC] standard, required claims for ID Tokens as part of Hybrid Flow authentication must align to section 3.3 (Authentication using the Hybrid Flow) of the [OIDC] standards and section 5.2.2 and section 8.4.3 of the [FAPI-RW] profile.

ID Tokens MUST be signed by Data Holders as specified in section 8.6 of [FAPI-RW].

The ID Token returned from the Authorisation End Point MUST NOT contain any Personal Information (PI) claims.

Hashing value for state and authorisation code
The c_hash value MUST be generated according to section 3.3.2.11 of [OIDC].

The s_hash value MUST be generated according to section 5.1 of [FAPI-RW].

Access Token
Access Tokens MUST be used as specified in section 10.3 of [OAUTH2].

An Access Token MUST expire between 2 minutes to 10 minutes after the Data Holder issues it (at the discretion of the Data Holder).

The process for refreshing an Access Token is described in section 12.1 of [OIDC].

Refresh Token
Refresh Tokens MUST be supported by Data Holders.

The usage of Refresh Tokens is specified in section 12 of [OIDC].

The expiration time for a Refresh Token MUST be set by the Data Holder.

Refresh Token expiration MAY be any length of time greater than 28 days but MUST NOT exceed the end of the duration of sharing consented to by the Consumer.

Data Holders MAY cycle Refresh Tokens when an Access Token is issued. If Refresh Token cycling is not performed then the Refresh Token MUST NOT expire before the expiration of the sharing consented by the Customer.

Token Expiry
The expiry time for issued access tokens and refresh tokens must be deterministic for the Data Recipient.

In order to achieve this:

The Data Holder MUST indicate the lifetime in seconds of the access token in the expires_in field of the JSON object returned by the token end-point (see section 4.2.2 of [OAUTH2]).
The Data Holder MUST indicate the expiration time of the refresh token using the refresh_token_expires_at claim.

Identifiers and Subject Types
sub claim
The identifier for an authenticated end-user (subject) MUST be passed in the sub claim of an ID Token and UserInfo response as defined by [OIDC].

The Data Holder MUST generate the sub value as a Pairwise Pseudonymous Identifier (PPID) as described in section 8 of [OIDC]. Furthermore, the identifier MUST be unique per customer as per the definition of customer in the CDR Federation section of this profile.

It is RECOMMENDED that the sub value is generated as a version 4 Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) [RFC4122].

CDR Arrangement ID
Non-normative example: Token Endpoint hydration

Request

POST /token HTTP/1.1
Host: https://data.holder.com.au
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

client_id=s6BhdRkqt3
&client_assertion_type=urn%3Aietf%3Aparams%3Aoauth%3Aclient-assertion-type%3Ajwt-bearer
&client_assertion=eyJhbGciOiJQUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IjEyNDU2In0.ey ...
&grant_type=refresh_token
&refresh_token=8xLOxBtZp8
&scope=openid%20profile
Response

{
  "access_token": "2YotnFZFEjr1zCsicMWpAA",
  "expires_in": 3600,
  "refresh_token": "tGzv3JOkF0XG5Qx2TlKWIA",
  "id_token": "eyJraWQiOiIxZTlnZGs3IiwiYWxnIjoiUl...",
  "cdr_arrangement_id": "02e7c9d9-cfe7-4c3e-8f64-e91173c84ecb"
}
Decoded JWT

{
  "iss": "https://data.holder.com.au",
  "sub": "a9ebbef6-1f0b-44eb-96cf-0c5b51b37ab2",
  "aud": "12345",
  "nonce": "n-0S6_WzA2Mj",
  "exp": 1311281970,
  "iat": 1311280970,
  "nbf": 1311280970,
  "auth_time": 1311280969,
  "acr": "urn:cds.au:cdr:3",
  "refresh_token_expires_at": 1311281970,
  "sharing_expires_at": 1311281970
}
Non-normative example: Token Introspection Endpoint hydration

Request

POST /token/introspect HTTP/1.1
Host: https://data.holder.com.au
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

client_id=s6BhdRkqt3
&client_assertion_type=urn%3Aietf%3Aparams%3Aoauth%3Aclient-assertion-type%3Ajwt-bearer
&client_assertion=eyJhbGciOiJQUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IjEyNDU2In0.ey ...
&token=tGzv3JOkF0XG5Qx2TlKWIA
&token_type_hint=refresh_token
Response

{
  "active": true,
  "exp": 1311281970,
  "scope": "openid profile bank:accounts.basic:read bank:accounts.detail:read",
  "cdr_arrangement_id": "02e7c9d9-cfe7-4c3e-8f64-e91173c84ecb"
}
The CDR Arrangement ID is a unique string representing a consent arrangement between a Data Recipient and Data Holder for a given consumer.

The identifier MUST be unique per customer according to the definition of customer in the CDR Federation section of this profile.

The Data Holder MUST provide the CDR Arrangement ID as the claim cdr_arrangement_id in the Token End Point response and Token Introspection End Point response.

A Data Holder MUST only return the cdr_arrangement_id in the Token and Token Introspection End Point responses if they also support concurrent consent. This ensures that Data Recipients have a reliable way to determine whether a given Data Holder supports concurrent consent.

Statements related to the CDR Arrangement ID:

The CDR Arrangement ID MUST be unique to a Data Holder
The CDR Arrangement ID MUST be non-guessable and must not identify a consumer
A CDR Arrangement ID SHOULD be generated using an algorithm that reduces the chances of collision
A CDR Arrangement ID MUST be static across consents within the one sharing arrangement (e.g. across consent renewal and re-authorisation)
Retrospectively obtaining a CDR Arrangement ID
For any existing consents, Data Holders must retrospectively generate a cdr_arrangement_id such that from November 2020, Data Recipients can obtain a valid cdr_arrangement_id for all active consents they hold.

A Data Recipient can call either the Token or Token Introspection End Points at any point post-consent to obtain the CDR Arrangement ID in the response JSON as the claim cdr_arrangement_id.


Levels of Assurance (LoAs)
Levels Of Assurance (LoAs), returned after a successful authentication MUST be represented in Single Ordinal form where a single LoA value is represented.


Single Ordinal
A Single LoA value is carried in the acr claim which is described in section 2 of [OIDC].

An LoA of 2 is represented by the URI: urn:cds.au:cdr:2

The authenticator used to attain this level MUST conform with the Credential Level CL1 rules specified under the Trusted Digital Identity Framework [TDIF] Authentication Credential Requirements specification.
An LoA of 3 is represented by the URI: urn:cds.au:cdr:3

The authenticators used to attain this level MUST conform with the Credential Level CL2 rules specified under the Trusted Digital Identity Framework [TDIF] Authentication Credential Requirements specification.
READ operations SHALL only be allowed where at least an LoA of 2 has been achieved during the establishment of consent.

WRITE operations SHALL only be allowed where:

At least an LoA of 3 has been achieved during the establishment of consent, or
At least an LoA of 2 has been achieved during the establishment of consent and a subsequent challenge/response has resulted in an LoA of 3 being achieved within the lifespan of the current Access Token.
Transaction Security
Use of TLS
All HTTP calls MUST be made using HTTPS incorporating TLS >= 1.2.


Use of MTLS
All back-channel communication between Data Recipient and Data Holder systems MUST incorporate, unless stated otherwise, [MTLS] as part of the TLS handshake:

The presented Client transport certificate MUST be issued by the CDR Certificate Authority (CA). The Server MUST NOT trust Client transport certificates issued by other authorities.
The presented Server transport certificate MUST be issued by the CDR Certificate Authority (CA). The Client MUST NOT trust Server transport certificates issued by other authorities.
End points for transferring CDR Data that are classified as not requiring authentication do not require the use of [MTLS].

Holder of Key Mechanism
[MTLS] MUST be supported as a Holder of Key (HoK) Mechanism.

Note that, by implication, resource requests MUST be validated to ensure the client certificate and access token match.

OAUTB SHALL NOT be supported due to a lack industry support.

[MTLS] HoK allows issued tokens to be bound to a client certificate as specified in section 3 of [MTLS].

Ciphers
Only the following cipher suites SHALL be permitted in accordance with section 8.5 of [FAPI-RW]:

TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256
TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256
TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384
TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384
CORS
Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) must be enabled (ie. Access-Control-Allow-Origin set to "*") for the following end points:

Get Status
Get Outages
Get Products
Get Product Detail

Request Object
Non-Normative Example - acr as an Essential Claim

#Decoded Request Object JWT

{
  "iss": "s6BhdRkqt3",
  "exp": 1516239322,
  "aud": "https://www.recipient.com.au",
  "response_type": "code id_token",
  "client_id": "s6BhdRkqt3",
  "redirect_uri": "https://www.recipient.com.au/coolstuff",
  "scope": "openid profile bank:accounts.basic:read
            bank:accounts.detail:read",
  "nonce": "n-0S6_WzA2Mj",
  "state": "af0ifjsldkj",
  "claims": {
    "sharing_duration": 7776000,
    "cdr_arrangement_id": "02e7c9d9-cfe7-4c3e-8f64-e91173c84ecb",
    "id_token": {
      "acr": {
        "essential": true,
        "values": ["urn:cds.au:cdr:3"]
      }
    },
    "userinfo": {
      "given_name": null,
      "family_name": null
    }
  }
}
The Request Object is a signed and encoded JWT specified in section 6.1 of [OIDC]. As per [FAPI-RW] section 5.2.2, the request parameter MUST be present on requests to the [OIDC] Hybrid Authorisation End Point. The Request Object enables [OIDC] requests to be passed in a single and self-contained parameter.

Request Objects MUST be signed by Data Recipients as specified in section 8.6 of [FAPI-RW].

Request Object references MUST be supported if the Data Holder supports Pushed Authorisation Requests (PAR).

Requesting Sharing Duration
To facilitate the specification of the duration for consent to share CDR data that is approved by the consumer, a mechanism for the Data Recipient to specify a sharing duration to the Data Holder is required.

To accomplish this, the Data Holder MUST support an additional claim in the authorisation request object named sharing_duration. The sharing_duration claim MUST be handled as follows:

The sharing_duration parameter is a number
The value of the sharing_duration parameter will contain the requested duration for sharing, in seconds.
If the sharing_duration value exceeds one year then a duration of one year will be assumed.
If the sharing_duration value is zero or absent then once off access will be assumed and only an Access Token (without a Refresh Token) will be provided on successful authorisation.
If the sharing_duration value is negative then the authorisation should fail.
Note that the period of one year in the above statements should be interpreted as 365, 24 hour days (or 31,536,000 seconds).

The Data Recipient is able to obtain the expiration of sharing via the sharing_expires_at claim.

Specifying an existing arrangement
Provided a Data Holder supports PAR, they MUST also support the cdr_arrangement_id claim provided in the Request Object sent to the PAR End Point. The Data Recipient MAY provide the cdr_arrangement_id claim in the Request Object sent to the PAR End Point.

The cdr_arrangement_id claim MUST be handled as follows:

Until November 2020 data holders are not required to take any action if cdr_arrangement_id is supplied but MUST NOT respond with an error.

Until November 2020 data recipients MUST NOT implement scenarios that support concurrent consent. Only single, extant consent scenarios should be implemented until this date.

If a data recipient provides the cdr_arrangement_id claim in the request object to the data holder's PAR End Point, the data holder MUST revoke any existing tokens related to the arrangement once the new consent is successfully established and a new set of tokens has been provided to the data recipient.

For data recipients seeking to replace consent where the Data Holder does not support PAR, data recipients MUST actively revoke previously supplied refresh tokens, immediately after receiving the tokens for a newly established consent, using the appropriate revocation end point.

End Points
 NOTE: This section does not include any end points that will be defined by the design of the CDR Register. End points related to Data Recipient registration, certificate revocation, Data Recipient discovery or Data Holder discovery are documented in the CDR Register technical documentation.
OpenID Provider Configuration End Point
Non-Normative Example

## Request

GET /.well-known/openid-configuration HTTP/1.1
Host: www.dh.com.au

## Response

HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
{
  "issuer": "https://www.dh.com.au",
  "authorization_endpoint": "https://www.dh.com.au/authorise",
  "token_endpoint": "https://www.dh.com.au/token",
  "introspection_endpoint": "https://www.dh.com.au/introspect",
  "revocation_endpoint": "https://www.dh.com.au/revoke",
  "userinfo_endpoint": "https://www.dh.com.au/userinfo",
  "registration_endpoint": "https://www.dh.com.au/register",
  "jwks_uri": "https://www.dh.com.au/jwks",
  "scopes_supported": ["openid", "profile", "..."],
  "response_types_supported": ["code id_token"],
  "response_modes_supported": ["fragment"],
  "grant_types_supported": ["authorization_code", "client_credentials", "urn:openid:params:modrna:grant-type:backchannel_request"],
  "acr_values_supported": ["urn:cds.au:cdr:2","urn:cds.au:cdr:3"],
  "subject_types_supported": ["pairwise"],
  "id_token_signing_alg_values_supported": ["ES256", "PS256"],
  "id_token_encryption_alg_values_supported": [ "RSA-OAEP", "RSA-OAEP-256", "dir", "ECDH-ES", "ECDH-ES+A128KW", "ECDH-ES+A192KW", "ECDH-ES+A256KW", "A128KW", "A192KW", "A256KW", "A128GCMKW", "A192GCMKW", "A256GCMKW" ],
  "id_token_encryption_enc_values_supported": [ "A128CBC-HS256", "A192CBC-HS384", "A256CBC-HS512", "A128GCM", "A192GCM", "A256GCM" ],
  "cdr_arrangement_revocation_endpoint": "https://data.holder.com.au/arrangements/revoke",
  "pushed_authorization_request_endpoint": "https://data.holder.com.au/par",
  "request_object_signing_alg_values_supported": ["ES256", "PS256"],
  "token_endpoint_auth_methods_supported": ["private_key_jwt"],
  "tls_client_certificate_bound_access_tokens": true,
  "claims_supported": ["name", "given_name", "family_name", "acr", "auth_time", "sub", "refresh_token_expires_at", "sharing_expires_at"]
}
Description	Value
Hosted By	Data Holder
Transport Security	TLS
Client Authentication Required	No
Bearer Token Required	No
Data Holders MUST make their OpenID Provider Metadata available via a configuration end point as outlined in Section 3 and 4 of the OpenID Connect Discovery standards [OIDD].

At a minimum, the Data Holder metadata MUST include:

issuer: URL that the Data Holder asserts as its Issuer Identifier.
authorization_endpoint: URL of the Authorization End Point.
token_endpoint: URL of the Token End Point.
introspection_endpoint: URL of the Introspection End Point.
revocation_endpoint: URL of the Revocation End Point.
userinfo_endpoint: URL of the UserInfo End Point.
registration_endpoint: URL of the Client Registration End Point.
scopes_supported: This list of supported scopes.
claims_supported: The list of supported claims.
acr_values_supported: The supported ACR values.
jwks_uri: The JSON Web Key Set for the data holder.
id_token_encryption_alg_values_supported: The list of the supported JWE algorithms for securing the issued ID tokens. Must conform to [FAPI-RW] and [OIDD].
id_token_encryption_enc_values_supported: The list of the supported JWE encryption methods for securing the issued ID tokens.
From November 2020, the Data Holder metadata MUST include:

cdr_arrangement_revocation_endpoint: The URL of the CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point for consent revocation
pushed_authorization_request_endpoint: URL of the Pushed Authorisation End Point used to support [PAR].

Authorisation End Point
Non-Normative Example

## Request

GET /authorise?
   response_type=code%20id_token&client_id=12345&
   scope=openid%20profile%20bank:accounts.basic:read%20bank:accounts.detail:read&
   request=eyJhbGciOiJQUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IjEyMyJ9.ey ...
HTTP/1.1
Host: www.holder.com.au

## Decoded request JWT
{
  "alg": "PS256",
  "typ": "JWT",
  "kid": "123"
}
{
  "iss": "12345",
  "exp": 1516239322,
  "aud": "https://www.recipient.com.au",
  "response_type": "code id_token",
  "client_id": "12345",
  "redirect_uri": "https://www.recipient.com.au/coolstuff",
  "scope": "openid profile bank:accounts.basic:read bank:accounts.detail:read",
  "state": "af0ifjsldkj",
  "nonce": "n-0S6_WzA2Mj",
  "claims": {
    "sharing_duration": 7776000,
    "userinfo": {
      "given_name": null,
      "family_name": null
    },
    "id_token": {
      "acr": {
        "essential": true,
        "values": ["urn:cds.au:cdr:3"]
      }
    }
  }
}

Description	Value
Hosted By	Data Holder
Transport Security	TLS
Client Authentication Required	No
Bearer Token Required	No
The requirements for the Authorisation End Point are specified in section 3.3.2 of [OIDC] and further specified under section 5.2.2 of [FAPI-RW]. This end point is invoked as part of the Hybrid Authentication flow.

JSON Web Key Set End Point
Description	Value
Hosted By	Data Holder & Data Recipient
Transport Security	TLS
Client Authentication Required	No
Bearer Token Required	No
The requirements for the JWKS End Point are specified in various sections of [OIDC].

This end point is used by the Data Holder to provide the public keys they will use when required.

Data Holders MUST support a JWKS End Point.

Token End Point
Description	Value
Hosted By	Data Holder
Transport Security	MTLS
Client Authentication Required	Yes
Bearer Token Required	No
The requirements for the Token End Point are specified in section 3.3.3 of [OIDC].

To obtain an Access Token, an ID Token, and a Refresh Token, the Data Recipient sends a Token Request to the Token End Point.

Data Holders MUST support a Token End Point.

UserInfo End Point
Description	Value
Hosted By	Data Holder
Transport Security	MTLS
Client Authentication Required	No
Bearer Token Required	Yes
The requirements for the UserInfo End Point are specified in section 5.3 of [OIDC].

Data Holders MUST support a UserInfo End Point.

Introspection End Point
Description	Value
Hosted By	Data Holder
Transport Security	MTLS
Client Authentication Required	Yes
Bearer Token Required	No
Data Holders MUST implement an Introspection End Point to allow Data Recipients to determine the status and expiry date of Refresh Tokens. The requirements for an Introspection End Point are described in section 2 of [RFC7662].

Introspection of Refresh Tokens MUST be supported.

Introspection of Access Tokens and ID Tokens MUST NOT be supported.

A Token Introspection End Point Response SHALL include, at least, the following fields:

active: Boolean indicator of whether or not the presented token is currently active.
exp: A JSON number representing the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z to the UTC expiry time.
scope: A JSON string containing a space-separated list of scopes associated with this token.
cdr_arrangement_id: A unique identifier of the CDR arrangement related to the authorisation.
A Token Introspection End Point Response MAY include claims defined in Section 2.2 of [RFC7662] but username SHALL NOT be allowed.

Token Revocation End Point
Description	Value
Hosted By	Data Holder and Data Recipient
Transport Security	MTLS for Data Holders, TLS for Data Recipients
Client Authentication Required	Yes (for verifying Data Recipients)
Bearer Token Required	Yes (for verifying Data Holders)
Requirements for Data Holder implementations

Data Holders MUST implement a Token Revocation End Point as described in section 2 of [RFC7009].

The Revocation End Point serves as a revocation mechanism that allows a Data Recipient to invalidate its tokens as required to allow for token clean up.

Revocation of Refresh Tokens and Access Tokens MUST be supported.

Requirements for Data Recipient implementations

The Token Revocation End Point, when implemented by the Data Recipient allows a Data Holder to notify the Data Recipient of the revocation of a sharing arrangement by the Customer in totality as required by the ACCC CDR Rules. This revocation will have been actioned by the Customer via the Data Holder’s consent dashboard as described in the ACCC CDR Rules.

Revocation of Access Tokens MUST not be supported.

Revocation of Refresh Tokens MUST be supported and will be used to notify the Data Recipient of sharing revocation.

If consent is withdrawn by a Customer in writing or by using the Data Recipient’s dashboard the Data Recipient MUST revoke consent using Data Holder’s implementation.

Revoking consent

If the Data Holder does not support a CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point, Data Recipients MUST use the Data Holder's Token Revocation End Point with the current Refresh Token to notify the Data Holder.

If the Data Holder does support the CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point, Data Recipients MUST use the Data Holder's CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point with a valid cdr_arrangement_id to notify the Data Holder.

NOTE: Data Recipients MUST continue to support this Token Revocation End Point until February 2021.

NOTE: Data Holders MUST continue to support consent revocation via the oAuth Token Revocation end point until February 2021.

CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point
Non-Normative Example

Request

POST https://data.holder.com.au/arrangements/revoke
HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

  client_id=s6BhdRkqt3&
  client_assertion_type=urn%3Aietf%3Aparams%3Aoauth%3Aclient-assertion-type%3Ajwt-bearer&
  client_assertion=eyJhbGciOiJQUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IjEyNDU2In0.ey ...&
  cdr_arrangement_id=5a1bf696-ee03-408b-b315-97955415d1f0
Description	Value
Hosted By	Data Holder & Data Recipient
Transport Security	MTLS for Data Holders, TLS for Data Recipients
Client Authentication Required	Yes (for Data Holders verifying Data Recipients)
Bearer Token Required	Yes (for Data Recipients verifying Data Holders)
HTTP Method: POST
Data Holder Path: The cdr_arrangement_revocation_endpoint defined using OIDC Discovery
Data Recipient Path: <RecipientBaseUri>/arrangements/revoke where <RecipientBaseUri> is registered with the CDR Register.

From November 2020, Data Holders and Data Recipients MUST implement a CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point that can be used to revoke an existing sharing arrangement.

The request MUST include the following parameters using the application/x-www-form-urlencoded format in the HTTP request entity-body:
cdr_arrangement_id: The ID of the arrangement that the client wants to revoke.

This end point will be implemented according to the following:

Data Recipients and Data Holders MUST revoke consent by calling the CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point with a valid CDR Arrangement ID
Data Holders MUST publish their CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point using their OpenID Provider Metadata Discovery End Point
Data Recipients MUST expose their CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point under their Recipient Base URI published in their Software Statement Assertion
Consent revocation MUST also revoke associated refresh and/or access tokens
For Data Recipients, Data Holder must be authenticated when they call this end point according to the guidance in the Client Authentication section.
If the cdr_arrangement_id is not related to the client making the call it MUST be rejected
Response Codes

The following responses are in addition to error responses covered by normative references. Error scenarios in the following table MUST use the error structure defined in the Payload Conventions.

Response Code	Situation	Description
204 No Content	Success	The sharing arrangement has been revoked successfully
422 Unprocessable Entity	Invalid Arrangement ID	The client submitted an invalid arrangement identifier or the identifier could not be found
Data Holders calling Data Recipients

Data Holders may discover that a given Data Recipient supports the CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point by the presence of the Recipient Base URI in the Software Statement Assertion (SSA). If a Data Recipient does not support the CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point, the Data Holder MUST call the Data Recipient Token Revocation End Point.

Data Recipients SHOULD update their client registration with each Data Holder as soon as is practical once they support the CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point.

Data Recipients MUST continue to support their Token Revocation End Point until February 2021 and until they have updated their client registrations.

Updating Register Meta Data and Client Registration

When a Data Recipient supports the CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point, they MUST: 1. Update their meta data with the CDR Register to include their recipient_base_uri. 2. Update their client registration with each Data Holder.

If the Data Recipient does not support the CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point, the Data Holder MUST instead revoke consent using the Data Recipient Token Revocation End Point.

Data Recipients calling Data Holders

Data Recipients may discover that a given Data Holder supports the CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point by the presence of the cdr_arrangement_revocation_endpoint in the Data Holder's OpenID Provider metadata.

If a Data Recipient does not support the CDR Arrangement Revocation End Point, Data Holders must notify Data Recipients when consent is withdrawn by calling the Data Recipient Revocation End Point.

Pushed Authorisation End Point
Non-Normative Example

Request

POST /par HTTP/1.1
     Host: data.holder.com.au
     Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

request=eyJhbGciOiJQUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IjEyMyJ9.ey...
Decoded Request

{
  "iss": "s6BhdRkqt3",
  "exp": 1516239322,
  "aud": "https://www.recipient.com.au",
  "response_type": "code id_token",
  "client_id": "s6BhdRkqt3",
  "redirect_uri": "https://www.recipient.com.au/coolstuff",
  "scope": "openid profile bank:accounts.basic:read
            bank:accounts.detail:read",
  "nonce": "n-0S6_WzA2Mj",
  "state": "af0ifjsldkj",
  "claims": {
    "sharing_duration": 7776000,
    "cdr_arrangement_id": "02e7c9d9-cfe7-4c3e-8f64-e91173c84ecb",
    "id_token": {
      "acr": {
        "essential": true,
        "values": ["urn:cds.au:cdr:3"]
      }
    },
    "userinfo": {
      "given_name": null,
      "family_name": null
    }
  }
}
Response

HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json
Cache-Control: no-cache, no-store
{
  "request_uri": "urn:data.holder.com.au:bwc4JK-ESC0w8acc191e-Y1LTC2",
  "expires_in": 3600
}
Authorise

## This is used by the ADR in the subsequent authorisation request as follows
## (note that until PAR is an RFC standard, the mandatory oAuth parameters as
## per FAPI R/W for confidential clients must be replayed in the request URL):

GET /authorise?client_id=s6BhdRkqt3&
   response_type=code%20id_token&
   scope=openid%20profile%20bank:accounts.basic:read%20bank:accounts.detail:read&
   request_uri=urn%3Adata.holder.com.au%3Abwc4JK-ESC0w8acc191e-Y1LTC2
HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Description	Value
Hosted By	Data Holder
Transport Security	MTLS
Client Authentication Required	Yes
Bearer Token Required	No
From November 2020, Data Holders MUST support Pushed Authorisation Requests (PAR) via the pushed authorisation end point according to [PAR].

Data Recipients MAY send authorisation requests using [PAR] if supported by the Data Holder. Request objects which contain the cdr_arrangement_id claim MUST only be sent using [PAR]. If a Data Holder does not support [PAR], a Data Recipient SHOULD NOT provide the cdr_arrangement_id claim in the request object.

The Data Holder response provides the Data Recipient with a Request URI in the response. The Request URI is then passed to the Data Holder’s Authorisation End Point to initiate an authorisation flow.

In addition:

Request Object references SHALL NOT be supported in any mode of use other than [PAR]. If a Data Holder does not support [PAR], it MUST NOT support Request Object references.
The Request URI MUST expire between 10 seconds and 90 seconds
Data Recipients MAY provide an existing cdr_arrangement_id claim in an authorisation request object to establish a new consent under an existing arrangement
Data Holders MUST revoke existing refresh tokens and access tokens when a cdr_arrangement_id is provided in the Request Object but only after successful authorisation
If the cdr_arrangement_id is not related to the consumer being authenticated it MUST be rejected
If the cdr_arrangement_id is not recognised by to the Data Holder it MUST be rejected
Normative References
Reference	Description	Version
[FAPI-R]	Financial-grade API - Part 1: Read Only API Security Profile: https://openid.net/specs/openid-financial-api-part-1.html	Draft-06
[FAPI-RW]	Financial-grade API - Part 2: Read and Write API Security Profile: https://openid.net/specs/openid-financial-api-part-2.html	Draft-06
[JSON]	The JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) Data Interchange Format: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8259	Dec 2017
[JWA]	JSON Web Algorithms (JWA): https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7518	May 2015
[JWK]	JSON Web Key (JWK): https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7517	May 2015
[JWT]	JSON Web Token (JWT): https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519	May 2015
[JWS]	JSON Web Signature (JWS): https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7797	Feb 2016
[JWE]	JSON Web Encryption (JWE): https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7516	May 2015
[MTLS]	OAuth 2.0 Mutual TLS Client Authentication and Certificate Bound Access Tokens: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8705	Feb 2020
[OAUTH2]	The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749	Oct 2012
[OIDC]	OpenID Connect Core 1.0 incorporating errata set 1: http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html	Nov 2014
[OIDD]	OpenID Connect Discovery 1.0 incorporating errata set 1: http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html	Nov 2014
[TDIF]	Digital Transformation Agency - Trusted Digital Identity Framework https://www.dta.gov.au/our-projects/digital-identity/trusted-digital-identity-framework	Apr 2019
[RFC2119]	Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate Requirement Levels https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2119	Mar 1997
[RFC7009]	OAuth 2.0 Token Revocation: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7009	Aug 2013
[RFC7523]	JSON Web Token (JWT) Profile for OAuth 2.0 Client Authentication and Authorization Grants: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7523	May 2015
[RFC7662]	OAuth 2.0 Token Introspection: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7662	Oct 2015
[PAR]	OAuth 2.0 Pushed Authorization Requests: https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-oauth-par-01	Feb 2020
Informative References
Reference	Description
[BCP195]	Recommendations for Secure Use of Transport Layer Security (TLS) and Datagram Transport Layer Security (DTLS): https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp195
[RFC7231]	Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP/1.1): Semantics and Content: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231
[CDR]	Consumer Data Right: https://www.accc.gov.au/focus-areas/consumer-data-right
[FAPI]	Financial-Grade API - Home Page https://openid.net/wg/fapi/
[RFC4122]	A Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) URN Namespace: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4122
[X.1254]	X.1254 - Entity authentication assurance framework: https://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-X1254-201209-I/en
Consumer Experience
The Consumer Experience (CX) standards, containing requirements and guidelines for the creation of implementatations by both Data Recipients and Data Holders, are split into two documents. This first defines mandatory standards and the second includes guidelines for facilitating the implementation of rules and standards that relate to the consumer experience:

CX Standards
CX Guidelines
Additional CX commentary can be found at:
CDR CX Stream Web Site.

Banking APIs
Get Accounts

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/accounts

Obtain a list of accounts

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
product-category	query	string	optional	Used to filter results on the productCategory field applicable to accounts. Any one of the valid values for this field can be supplied. If absent then all accounts returned.
open-status	query	string	optional	Used to filter results according to open/closed status. Values can be OPEN, CLOSED or ALL. If absent then ALL is assumed
is-owned	query	Boolean	optional	Filters accounts based on whether they are owned by the authorised customer. True for owned accounts, false for unowned accounts and absent for all accounts
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Enumerated Values
Parameter	Value
product-category	BUSINESS_LOANS
product-category	CRED_AND_CHRG_CARDS
product-category	LEASES
product-category	MARGIN_LOANS
product-category	OVERDRAFTS
product-category	PERS_LOANS
product-category	REGULATED_TRUST_ACCOUNTS
product-category	RESIDENTIAL_MORTGAGES
product-category	TERM_DEPOSITS
product-category	TRADE_FINANCE
product-category	TRAVEL_CARDS
product-category	TRANS_AND_SAVINGS_ACCOUNTS
open-status	OPEN
open-status	CLOSED
open-status	ALL
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "accounts": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "creationDate": "string",
        "displayName": "string",
        "nickname": "string",
        "openStatus": "OPEN",
        "isOwned": true,
        "maskedNumber": "string",
        "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
        "productName": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingAccountList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:accounts.basic:read
Get Bulk Balances

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/balances HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/balances',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/accounts/balances

Obtain balances for multiple, filtered accounts

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
product-category	query	string	optional	Used to filter results on the productCategory field applicable to accounts. Any one of the valid values for this field can be supplied. If absent then all accounts returned.
open-status	query	string	optional	Used to filter results according to open/closed status. Values can be OPEN, CLOSED or ALL. If absent then ALL is assumed
is-owned	query	Boolean	optional	Filters accounts based on whether they are owned by the authorised customer. True for owned accounts, false for unowned accounts and absent for all accounts
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Enumerated Values
Parameter	Value
product-category	BUSINESS_LOANS
product-category	CRED_AND_CHRG_CARDS
product-category	LEASES
product-category	MARGIN_LOANS
product-category	OVERDRAFTS
product-category	PERS_LOANS
product-category	REGULATED_TRUST_ACCOUNTS
product-category	RESIDENTIAL_MORTGAGES
product-category	TERM_DEPOSITS
product-category	TRADE_FINANCE
product-category	TRAVEL_CARDS
product-category	TRANS_AND_SAVINGS_ACCOUNTS
open-status	OPEN
open-status	CLOSED
open-status	ALL
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "balances": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "currentBalance": "string",
        "availableBalance": "string",
        "creditLimit": "string",
        "amortisedLimit": "string",
        "currency": "string",
        "purses": [
          {
            "amount": "string",
            "currency": "string"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingAccountsBalanceList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:accounts.basic:read
Get Balances For Specific Accounts

Code samples

POST https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/balances HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Content-Type: application/json
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Content-Type':'application/json',
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/balances',
  method: 'post',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

POST /banking/accounts/balances

Obtain balances for a specified list of accounts

Body parameter

{
  "data": {
    "accountIds": [
      "string"
    ]
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
body	body	RequestAccountIds	mandatory	The list of account IDs to obtain balances for
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "balances": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "currentBalance": "string",
        "availableBalance": "string",
        "creditLimit": "string",
        "amortisedLimit": "string",
        "currency": "string",
        "purses": [
          {
            "amount": "string",
            "currency": "string"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingAccountsBalanceList
422	Unprocessable Entity	The request was well formed but was unable to be processed due to business logic specific to the request. For this API a 422 response must be given if any of the account IDs provided are invalid for the consent context	ResponseErrorList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
422	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:accounts.basic:read
Get Account Balance

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}/balance HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}/balance',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/accounts/{accountId}/balance

Obtain the balance for a single specified account

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
accountId	path	ASCIIString	mandatory	ID of the specific account requested
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "accountId": "string",
    "currentBalance": "string",
    "availableBalance": "string",
    "creditLimit": "string",
    "amortisedLimit": "string",
    "currency": "string",
    "purses": [
      {
        "amount": "string",
        "currency": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingAccountsBalanceById
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:accounts.basic:read
Get Account Detail

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId} HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/accounts/{accountId}

Obtain detailed information on a single account

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
accountId	path	ASCIIString	mandatory	A tokenised identifier for the account which is unique but not shareable
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "accountId": "string",
    "creationDate": "string",
    "displayName": "string",
    "nickname": "string",
    "openStatus": "OPEN",
    "isOwned": true,
    "maskedNumber": "string",
    "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
    "productName": "string",
    "bsb": "string",
    "accountNumber": "string",
    "bundleName": "string",
    "specificAccountUType": "termDeposit",
    "termDeposit": [
      {
        "lodgementDate": "string",
        "maturityDate": "string",
        "maturityAmount": "string",
        "maturityCurrency": "string",
        "maturityInstructions": "ROLLED_OVER"
      }
    ],
    "creditCard": {
      "minPaymentAmount": "string",
      "paymentDueAmount": "string",
      "paymentCurrency": "string",
      "paymentDueDate": "string"
    },
    "loan": {
      "originalStartDate": "string",
      "originalLoanAmount": "string",
      "originalLoanCurrency": "string",
      "loanEndDate": "string",
      "nextInstalmentDate": "string",
      "minInstalmentAmount": "string",
      "minInstalmentCurrency": "string",
      "maxRedraw": "string",
      "maxRedrawCurrency": "string",
      "minRedraw": "string",
      "minRedrawCurrency": "string",
      "offsetAccountEnabled": true,
      "offsetAccountIds": [
        "string"
      ],
      "repaymentType": "PRINCIPAL_AND_INTEREST",
      "repaymentFrequency": "string"
    },
    "depositRate": "string",
    "lendingRate": "string",
    "depositRates": [
      {
        "depositRateType": "BONUS",
        "rate": "string",
        "calculationFrequency": "string",
        "applicationFrequency": "string",
        "tiers": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
            "minimumValue": 0,
            "maximumValue": 0,
            "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
            "applicabilityConditions": {
              "additionalInfo": "string",
              "additionalInfoUri": "string"
            },
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "lendingRates": [
      {
        "lendingRateType": "BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_FIXED",
        "rate": "string",
        "comparisonRate": "string",
        "calculationFrequency": "string",
        "applicationFrequency": "string",
        "interestPaymentDue": "IN_ADVANCE",
        "repaymentType": "INTEREST_ONLY",
        "loanPurpose": "OWNER_OCCUPIED",
        "tiers": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
            "minimumValue": 0,
            "maximumValue": 0,
            "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
            "applicabilityConditions": {
              "additionalInfo": "string",
              "additionalInfoUri": "string"
            },
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "features": [
      {
        "featureType": "ADDITIONAL_CARDS",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string",
        "isActivated": true
      }
    ],
    "fees": [
      {
        "name": "string",
        "feeType": "DEPOSIT",
        "amount": "string",
        "balanceRate": "string",
        "transactionRate": "string",
        "accruedRate": "string",
        "accrualFrequency": "string",
        "currency": "string",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string",
        "discounts": [
          {
            "description": "string",
            "discountType": "BALANCE",
            "amount": "string",
            "balanceRate": "string",
            "transactionRate": "string",
            "accruedRate": "string",
            "feeRate": "string",
            "additionalValue": "string",
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string",
            "eligibility": [
              {
                "discountEligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
                "additionalValue": "string",
                "additionalInfo": "string",
                "additionalInfoUri": "string"
              }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "addresses": [
      {
        "addressUType": "simple",
        "simple": {
          "mailingName": "string",
          "addressLine1": "string",
          "addressLine2": "string",
          "addressLine3": "string",
          "postcode": "string",
          "city": "string",
          "state": "string",
          "country": "AUS"
        },
        "paf": {
          "dpid": "string",
          "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
          "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
          "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
          "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
          "flatUnitType": "string",
          "flatUnitNumber": "string",
          "floorLevelType": "string",
          "floorLevelNumber": "string",
          "lotNumber": "string",
          "buildingName1": "string",
          "buildingName2": "string",
          "streetName": "string",
          "streetType": "string",
          "streetSuffix": "string",
          "postalDeliveryType": "string",
          "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
          "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
          "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
          "localityName": "string",
          "postcode": "string",
          "state": "string"
        }
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingAccountById
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:accounts.detail:read
Get Transactions For Account

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}/transactions HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}/transactions',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/accounts/{accountId}/transactions

Obtain transactions for a specific account.

Some general notes that apply to all end points that retrieve transactions:

Where multiple transactions are returned, transactions should be ordered according to effective date in descending order
As the date and time for a transaction can alter depending on status and transaction type two separate date/times are included in the payload. There are still some scenarios where neither of these time stamps is available. For the purpose of filtering and ordering it is expected that the data holder will use the “effective” date/time which will be defined as:
Posted date/time if available, then
Execution date/time if available, then
A reasonable date/time nominated by the data holder using internal data structures
For transaction amounts it should be assumed that a negative value indicates a reduction of the available balance on the account while a positive value indicates an increase in the available balance on the account
For aggregated transactions (ie. groups of sub transactions reported as a single entry for the account) only the aggregated information, with as much consistent information accross the subsidiary transactions as possible, is required to be shared
Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
accountId	path	ASCIIString	mandatory	ID of the account to get transactions for. Must have previously been returned by one of the account list end points.
oldest-time	query	DateTimeString	optional	Constrain the transaction history request to transactions with effective time at or after this date/time. If absent defaults to newest-time minus 90 days. Format is aligned to DateTimeString common type
newest-time	query	DateTimeString	optional	Constrain the transaction history request to transactions with effective time at or before this date/time. If absent defaults to today. Format is aligned to DateTimeString common type
min-amount	query	AmountString	optional	Filter transactions to only transactions with amounts higher or equal to than this amount
max-amount	query	AmountString	optional	Filter transactions to only transactions with amounts less than or equal to than this amount
text	query	string	optional	Filter transactions to only transactions where this string value is found as a substring of either the reference or description fields. Format is arbitrary ASCII string. This parameter is optionally implemented by data holders. If it is not implemented then a response should be provided as normal without text filtering applied and an additional boolean field named isQueryParamUnsupported should be included in the meta object and set to true (whether the text parameter is supplied or not)
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "transactions": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "transactionId": "string",
        "isDetailAvailable": true,
        "type": "DIRECT_DEBIT",
        "status": "PENDING",
        "description": "string",
        "postingDateTime": "string",
        "valueDateTime": "string",
        "executionDateTime": "string",
        "amount": "string",
        "currency": "string",
        "reference": "string",
        "merchantName": "string",
        "merchantCategoryCode": "string",
        "billerCode": "string",
        "billerName": "string",
        "crn": "string",
        "apcaNumber": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingTransactionList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:transactions:read
Get Transaction Detail

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}/transactions/{transactionId} HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}/transactions/{transactionId}',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/accounts/{accountId}/transactions/{transactionId}

Obtain detailed information on a transaction for a specific account

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
accountId	path	ASCIIString	mandatory	ID of the account to get transactions for. Must have previously been returned by one of the account list end points
transactionId	path	ASCIIString	mandatory	ID of the transaction obtained from a previous call to one of the other transaction end points
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "accountId": "string",
    "transactionId": "string",
    "isDetailAvailable": true,
    "type": "DIRECT_DEBIT",
    "status": "PENDING",
    "description": "string",
    "postingDateTime": "string",
    "valueDateTime": "string",
    "executionDateTime": "string",
    "amount": "string",
    "currency": "string",
    "reference": "string",
    "merchantName": "string",
    "merchantCategoryCode": "string",
    "billerCode": "string",
    "billerName": "string",
    "crn": "string",
    "apcaNumber": "string",
    "extendedData": {
      "payer": "string",
      "payee": "string",
      "extensionUType": "x2p101Payload",
      "x2p101Payload": {
        "extendedDescription": "string",
        "endToEndId": "string",
        "purposeCode": "string"
      },
      "service": "X2P1.01"
    }
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingTransactionById
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:transactions:read
Get Direct Debits For Account

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}/direct-debits HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}/direct-debits',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/accounts/{accountId}/direct-debits

Obtain direct debit authorisations for a specific account

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
accountId	path	ASCIIString	mandatory	ID of the account to get direct debit authorisations for. Must have previously been returned by one of the account list end points.
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "directDebitAuthorisations": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "authorisedEntity": {
          "description": "string",
          "financialInstitution": "string",
          "abn": "string",
          "acn": "string",
          "arbn": "string"
        },
        "lastDebitDateTime": "string",
        "lastDebitAmount": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingDirectDebitAuthorisationList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:regular_payments:read
Get Bulk Direct Debits

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/direct-debits HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/direct-debits',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/accounts/direct-debits

Obtain direct debit authorisations for multiple, filtered accounts

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
product-category	query	string	optional	Used to filter results on the productCategory field applicable to accounts. Any one of the valid values for this field can be supplied. If absent then all accounts returned.
open-status	query	string	optional	Used to filter results according to open/closed status. Values can be OPEN, CLOSED or ALL. If absent then ALL is assumed
is-owned	query	Boolean	optional	Filters accounts based on whether they are owned by the authorised customer. True for owned accounts, false for unowned accounts and absent for all accounts
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Enumerated Values
Parameter	Value
product-category	BUSINESS_LOANS
product-category	CRED_AND_CHRG_CARDS
product-category	LEASES
product-category	MARGIN_LOANS
product-category	OVERDRAFTS
product-category	PERS_LOANS
product-category	REGULATED_TRUST_ACCOUNTS
product-category	RESIDENTIAL_MORTGAGES
product-category	TERM_DEPOSITS
product-category	TRADE_FINANCE
product-category	TRAVEL_CARDS
product-category	TRANS_AND_SAVINGS_ACCOUNTS
open-status	OPEN
open-status	CLOSED
open-status	ALL
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "directDebitAuthorisations": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "authorisedEntity": {
          "description": "string",
          "financialInstitution": "string",
          "abn": "string",
          "acn": "string",
          "arbn": "string"
        },
        "lastDebitDateTime": "string",
        "lastDebitAmount": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingDirectDebitAuthorisationList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:regular_payments:read
Get Direct Debits For Specific Accounts

Code samples

POST https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/direct-debits HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Content-Type: application/json
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Content-Type':'application/json',
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/direct-debits',
  method: 'post',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

POST /banking/accounts/direct-debits

Obtain direct debit authorisations for a specified list of accounts

Body parameter

{
  "data": {
    "accountIds": [
      "string"
    ]
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
body	body	RequestAccountIds	mandatory	Array of specific accountIds to obtain authorisations for
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "directDebitAuthorisations": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "authorisedEntity": {
          "description": "string",
          "financialInstitution": "string",
          "abn": "string",
          "acn": "string",
          "arbn": "string"
        },
        "lastDebitDateTime": "string",
        "lastDebitAmount": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingDirectDebitAuthorisationList
422	Unprocessable Entity	The request was well formed but was unable to be processed due to business logic specific to the request. For this API a 422 response must be given if any of the account IDs provided are invalid for the consent context	ResponseErrorList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
422	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:regular_payments:read
Get Scheduled Payments for Account

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}/payments/scheduled HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/accounts/{accountId}/payments/scheduled',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/accounts/{accountId}/payments/scheduled

Obtain scheduled, outgoing payments for a specific account

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
accountId	path	ASCIIString	mandatory	ID of the account to get scheduled payments for. Must have previously been returned by one of the account list end points. The account specified is the source account for the payment
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "scheduledPayments": [
      {
        "scheduledPaymentId": "string",
        "nickname": "string",
        "payerReference": "string",
        "payeeReference": "string",
        "status": "ACTIVE",
        "from": {
          "accountId": "string"
        },
        "paymentSet": [
          {
            "to": {
              "toUType": "accountId",
              "accountId": "string",
              "payeeId": "string",
              "domestic": {
                "payeeAccountUType": "account",
                "account": {
                  "accountName": "string",
                  "bsb": "string",
                  "accountNumber": "string"
                },
                "card": {
                  "cardNumber": "string"
                },
                "payId": {
                  "name": "string",
                  "identifier": "string",
                  "type": "ABN"
                }
              },
              "biller": {
                "billerCode": "string",
                "crn": "string",
                "billerName": "string"
              },
              "international": {
                "beneficiaryDetails": {
                  "name": "string",
                  "country": "string",
                  "message": "string"
                },
                "bankDetails": {
                  "country": "string",
                  "accountNumber": "string",
                  "bankAddress": {
                    "name": "string",
                    "address": "string"
                  },
                  "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
                  "fedWireNumber": "string",
                  "sortCode": "string",
                  "chipNumber": "string",
                  "routingNumber": "string",
                  "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
                }
              }
            },
            "isAmountCalculated": true,
            "amount": "string",
            "currency": "string"
          }
        ],
        "recurrence": {
          "nextPaymentDate": "string",
          "recurrenceUType": "onceOff",
          "onceOff": {
            "paymentDate": "string"
          },
          "intervalSchedule": {
            "finalPaymentDate": "string",
            "paymentsRemaining": 0,
            "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON",
            "intervals": [
              {
                "interval": "string",
                "dayInInterval": "string"
              }
            ]
          },
          "lastWeekDay": {
            "finalPaymentDate": "string",
            "paymentsRemaining": 0,
            "interval": "string",
            "lastWeekDay": "MON",
            "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON"
          },
          "eventBased": {
            "description": "string"
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingScheduledPaymentsList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:regular_payments:read
Get Scheduled Payments Bulk

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/payments/scheduled HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/payments/scheduled',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/payments/scheduled

Obtain scheduled payments for multiple, filtered accounts that are the source of funds for the payments

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
product-category	query	string	optional	Used to filter results on the productCategory field applicable to accounts. Any one of the valid values for this field can be supplied. If absent then all accounts returned.
open-status	query	string	optional	Used to filter results according to open/closed status. Values can be OPEN, CLOSED or ALL. If absent then ALL is assumed
is-owned	query	Boolean	optional	Filters accounts based on whether they are owned by the authorised customer. True for owned accounts, false for unowned accounts and absent for all accounts
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Enumerated Values
Parameter	Value
product-category	BUSINESS_LOANS
product-category	CRED_AND_CHRG_CARDS
product-category	LEASES
product-category	MARGIN_LOANS
product-category	OVERDRAFTS
product-category	PERS_LOANS
product-category	REGULATED_TRUST_ACCOUNTS
product-category	RESIDENTIAL_MORTGAGES
product-category	TERM_DEPOSITS
product-category	TRADE_FINANCE
product-category	TRAVEL_CARDS
product-category	TRANS_AND_SAVINGS_ACCOUNTS
open-status	OPEN
open-status	CLOSED
open-status	ALL
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "scheduledPayments": [
      {
        "scheduledPaymentId": "string",
        "nickname": "string",
        "payerReference": "string",
        "payeeReference": "string",
        "status": "ACTIVE",
        "from": {
          "accountId": "string"
        },
        "paymentSet": [
          {
            "to": {
              "toUType": "accountId",
              "accountId": "string",
              "payeeId": "string",
              "domestic": {
                "payeeAccountUType": "account",
                "account": {
                  "accountName": "string",
                  "bsb": "string",
                  "accountNumber": "string"
                },
                "card": {
                  "cardNumber": "string"
                },
                "payId": {
                  "name": "string",
                  "identifier": "string",
                  "type": "ABN"
                }
              },
              "biller": {
                "billerCode": "string",
                "crn": "string",
                "billerName": "string"
              },
              "international": {
                "beneficiaryDetails": {
                  "name": "string",
                  "country": "string",
                  "message": "string"
                },
                "bankDetails": {
                  "country": "string",
                  "accountNumber": "string",
                  "bankAddress": {
                    "name": "string",
                    "address": "string"
                  },
                  "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
                  "fedWireNumber": "string",
                  "sortCode": "string",
                  "chipNumber": "string",
                  "routingNumber": "string",
                  "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
                }
              }
            },
            "isAmountCalculated": true,
            "amount": "string",
            "currency": "string"
          }
        ],
        "recurrence": {
          "nextPaymentDate": "string",
          "recurrenceUType": "onceOff",
          "onceOff": {
            "paymentDate": "string"
          },
          "intervalSchedule": {
            "finalPaymentDate": "string",
            "paymentsRemaining": 0,
            "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON",
            "intervals": [
              {
                "interval": "string",
                "dayInInterval": "string"
              }
            ]
          },
          "lastWeekDay": {
            "finalPaymentDate": "string",
            "paymentsRemaining": 0,
            "interval": "string",
            "lastWeekDay": "MON",
            "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON"
          },
          "eventBased": {
            "description": "string"
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingScheduledPaymentsList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:regular_payments:read
Get Scheduled Payments For Specific Accounts

Code samples

POST https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/payments/scheduled HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Content-Type: application/json
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Content-Type':'application/json',
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/payments/scheduled',
  method: 'post',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

POST /banking/payments/scheduled

Obtain scheduled payments for a specified list of accounts

Body parameter

{
  "data": {
    "accountIds": [
      "string"
    ]
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
body	body	RequestAccountIds	mandatory	Array of specific accountIds to obtain scheduled payments for. The accounts specified are the source of funds for the payments returned
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "scheduledPayments": [
      {
        "scheduledPaymentId": "string",
        "nickname": "string",
        "payerReference": "string",
        "payeeReference": "string",
        "status": "ACTIVE",
        "from": {
          "accountId": "string"
        },
        "paymentSet": [
          {
            "to": {
              "toUType": "accountId",
              "accountId": "string",
              "payeeId": "string",
              "domestic": {
                "payeeAccountUType": "account",
                "account": {
                  "accountName": "string",
                  "bsb": "string",
                  "accountNumber": "string"
                },
                "card": {
                  "cardNumber": "string"
                },
                "payId": {
                  "name": "string",
                  "identifier": "string",
                  "type": "ABN"
                }
              },
              "biller": {
                "billerCode": "string",
                "crn": "string",
                "billerName": "string"
              },
              "international": {
                "beneficiaryDetails": {
                  "name": "string",
                  "country": "string",
                  "message": "string"
                },
                "bankDetails": {
                  "country": "string",
                  "accountNumber": "string",
                  "bankAddress": {
                    "name": "string",
                    "address": "string"
                  },
                  "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
                  "fedWireNumber": "string",
                  "sortCode": "string",
                  "chipNumber": "string",
                  "routingNumber": "string",
                  "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
                }
              }
            },
            "isAmountCalculated": true,
            "amount": "string",
            "currency": "string"
          }
        ],
        "recurrence": {
          "nextPaymentDate": "string",
          "recurrenceUType": "onceOff",
          "onceOff": {
            "paymentDate": "string"
          },
          "intervalSchedule": {
            "finalPaymentDate": "string",
            "paymentsRemaining": 0,
            "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON",
            "intervals": [
              {
                "interval": "string",
                "dayInInterval": "string"
              }
            ]
          },
          "lastWeekDay": {
            "finalPaymentDate": "string",
            "paymentsRemaining": 0,
            "interval": "string",
            "lastWeekDay": "MON",
            "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON"
          },
          "eventBased": {
            "description": "string"
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingScheduledPaymentsList
422	Unprocessable Entity	The request was well formed but was unable to be processed due to business logic specific to the request. For this API a 422 response must be given if any of the account IDs provided are invalid for the consent context	ResponseErrorList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
422	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:regular_payments:read
Get Payees

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/payees HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/payees',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/payees

Obtain a list of pre-registered payees

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
type	query	string	optional	Filter on the payee type field. In addition to normal type field values, ALL can be specified to retrieve all payees. If absent the assumed value is ALL
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Enumerated Values
Parameter	Value
type	BILLER
type	DOMESTIC
type	INTERNATIONAL
type	ALL
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "payees": [
      {
        "payeeId": "string",
        "nickname": "string",
        "description": "string",
        "type": "BILLER",
        "creationDate": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingPayeeList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:payees:read
Get Payee Detail

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/payees/{payeeId} HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/payees/{payeeId}',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/payees/{payeeId}

Obtain detailed information on a single payee.

Note that the payee sub-structure should be selected to represent the payment destination only rather than any known characteristics of the payment recipient

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
payeeId	path	ASCIIString	mandatory	The ID used to locate the details of a particular payee
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "payeeId": "string",
    "nickname": "string",
    "description": "string",
    "type": "BILLER",
    "creationDate": "string",
    "payeeUType": "domestic",
    "domestic": {
      "payeeAccountUType": "account",
      "account": {
        "accountName": "string",
        "bsb": "string",
        "accountNumber": "string"
      },
      "card": {
        "cardNumber": "string"
      },
      "payId": {
        "name": "string",
        "identifier": "string",
        "type": "ABN"
      }
    },
    "biller": {
      "billerCode": "string",
      "crn": "string",
      "billerName": "string"
    },
    "international": {
      "beneficiaryDetails": {
        "name": "string",
        "country": "string",
        "message": "string"
      },
      "bankDetails": {
        "country": "string",
        "accountNumber": "string",
        "bankAddress": {
          "name": "string",
          "address": "string"
        },
        "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
        "fedWireNumber": "string",
        "sortCode": "string",
        "chipNumber": "string",
        "routingNumber": "string",
        "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
      }
    }
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingPayeeById
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: bank:payees:read
Get Products

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/products HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/products',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/products

Obtain a list of products that are currently openly offered to the market

Note that the results returned by this end point are expected to be ordered in descending order according to lastUpdated.

Conventions
In the product reference payloads there are a number of recurring conventions that are explained here, in one place.

Arrays Of Features
In the product detail payload there are a number of arrays articulating generic features, constraints, prices, etc. The intent of these arrays is as follows:

Each element in an array has the same structure so that clients can reliably interpret the payloads
Each element as a type element that is an enumeration of the specific aspect of a product being described, such as types of fees.
Each element has a field name additionalValue. This is a generic field with contents that will vary based on the type of object being described. The contents of this field for the ADDITIONAL_CARDS feature is the number of cards allowed while the contents of this field for the MAX_LIMIT constraint would be the maximum credit limit allowed for the product.
An element in these arrays of the same type may appear more than once. For instance, a product may offer two separate loyalty programs that the customer can select from. A fixed term mortgage may have different rates for different term lengths.
An element in these arrays may contain an additionalInfo and additionalInfoUri field. The additionalInfo field is used to provide displayable text clarifying the purpose of the element in some way when the product is presented to a customer. The additionalInfoUri provides a link to externally hosted information specifically relevant to that feature of the product.
Depending on the type of data being represented there may be additional specific fields.
URIs To More Information
As the complexities and nuances of a financial product can not easily be fully expressed in a data structure without a high degree of complexity it is necessary to provide additional reference information that a potential customer can access so that they are fully informed of the features and implications of the product. The payloads for product reference therefore contain numerous fields that are provided to allow the product holder to describe the product more fully using a web page hosted on their online channels.

These URIs do not need to all link to different pages. If desired, they can all link to a single hosted page and use difference HTML anchors to focus on a specific topic such as eligibility or fees.

Linkage To Accounts
From the moment that a customer applies for a product and an account is created the account and the product that spawned it will diverge. Rates and features of the product may change and a discount may be negotiated for the account.

For this reason, while productCategory is a common field between accounts and products, there is no specific ID that can be used to link an account to a product within the regime.

Similarly, many of the fields and objects in the product payload will appear in the account detail payload but the structures and semantics are not identical as one refers to a product that can potentially be originated and one refers to an account that actual has been instantiated and created along with the associated decisions inherent in that process.

Dates
It is expected that data consumers needing this data will call relatively frequently to ensure the data they have is representative of the current offering from a bank. To minimise the volume and frequency of these calls the ability to set a lastUpdated field with the date and time of the last update to this product is included. A call for a list of products can then be filtered to only return products that have been updated since the last time that data was obtained using the updated-since query parameter.

In addition, the concept of effective date and time has also been included. This allows for a product to be marked for obsolescence, or introduction, from a certain time without the need for an update to show that a product has been changed. The inclusion of these dates also removes the need to represent deleted products in the payload. Products that are no long offered can be marked not effective for a few weeks before they are then removed from the product set as an option entirely.

NOTE: This version must be implemented by February 2021

Obsolete versions: v1 v2

Endpoint Version
Version	3
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
effective	query	string	optional	Allows for the filtering of products based on whether the current time is within the period of time defined as effective by the effectiveFrom and effectiveTo fields. Valid values are ‘CURRENT’, ‘FUTURE’ and ‘ALL’. If absent defaults to 'CURRENT'
updated-since	query	DateTimeString	optional	Only include products that have been updated after the specified date and time. If absent defaults to include all products
brand	query	string	optional	Filter results based on a specific brand
product-category	query	string	optional	Used to filter results on the productCategory field applicable to accounts. Any one of the valid values for this field can be supplied. If absent then all accounts returned.
page	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page of results to request (standard pagination)
page-size	query	PositiveInteger	optional	Page size to request. Default is 25 (standard pagination)
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
Enumerated Values
Parameter	Value
effective	CURRENT
effective	FUTURE
effective	ALL
product-category	BUSINESS_LOANS
product-category	CRED_AND_CHRG_CARDS
product-category	LEASES
product-category	MARGIN_LOANS
product-category	OVERDRAFTS
product-category	PERS_LOANS
product-category	REGULATED_TRUST_ACCOUNTS
product-category	RESIDENTIAL_MORTGAGES
product-category	TERM_DEPOSITS
product-category	TRADE_FINANCE
product-category	TRAVEL_CARDS
product-category	TRANS_AND_SAVINGS_ACCOUNTS
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "products": [
      {
        "productId": "string",
        "effectiveFrom": "string",
        "effectiveTo": "string",
        "lastUpdated": "string",
        "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
        "name": "string",
        "description": "string",
        "brand": "string",
        "brandName": "string",
        "applicationUri": "string",
        "isTailored": true,
        "additionalInformation": {
          "overviewUri": "string",
          "termsUri": "string",
          "eligibilityUri": "string",
          "feesAndPricingUri": "string",
          "bundleUri": "string"
        },
        "cardArt": [
          {
            "title": "string",
            "imageUri": "string"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingProductList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
 This operation does not require authentication
Get Product Detail

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/products/{productId} HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/banking/products/{productId}',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /banking/products/{productId}

Obtain detailed information on a single product offered openly to the market.

NOTE: This version must be implemented by February 2021

Obsolete versions: v1 v2

Endpoint Version
Version	3
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
productId	path	ASCIIString	mandatory	ID of the specific product requested
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "productId": "string",
    "effectiveFrom": "string",
    "effectiveTo": "string",
    "lastUpdated": "string",
    "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
    "name": "string",
    "description": "string",
    "brand": "string",
    "brandName": "string",
    "applicationUri": "string",
    "isTailored": true,
    "additionalInformation": {
      "overviewUri": "string",
      "termsUri": "string",
      "eligibilityUri": "string",
      "feesAndPricingUri": "string",
      "bundleUri": "string"
    },
    "cardArt": [
      {
        "title": "string",
        "imageUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "bundles": [
      {
        "name": "string",
        "description": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string",
        "productIds": [
          "string"
        ]
      }
    ],
    "features": [
      {
        "featureType": "ADDITIONAL_CARDS",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "constraints": [
      {
        "constraintType": "MIN_BALANCE",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "eligibility": [
      {
        "eligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "fees": [
      {
        "name": "string",
        "feeType": "DEPOSIT",
        "amount": "string",
        "balanceRate": "string",
        "transactionRate": "string",
        "accruedRate": "string",
        "accrualFrequency": "string",
        "currency": "string",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string",
        "discounts": [
          {
            "description": "string",
            "discountType": "BALANCE",
            "amount": "string",
            "balanceRate": "string",
            "transactionRate": "string",
            "accruedRate": "string",
            "feeRate": "string",
            "additionalValue": "string",
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string",
            "eligibility": [
              {
                "discountEligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
                "additionalValue": "string",
                "additionalInfo": "string",
                "additionalInfoUri": "string"
              }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "depositRates": [
      {
        "depositRateType": "BONUS",
        "rate": "string",
        "calculationFrequency": "string",
        "applicationFrequency": "string",
        "tiers": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
            "minimumValue": 0,
            "maximumValue": 0,
            "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
            "applicabilityConditions": {
              "additionalInfo": "string",
              "additionalInfoUri": "string"
            },
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "lendingRates": [
      {
        "lendingRateType": "BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_FIXED",
        "rate": "string",
        "comparisonRate": "string",
        "calculationFrequency": "string",
        "applicationFrequency": "string",
        "interestPaymentDue": "IN_ADVANCE",
        "repaymentType": "INTEREST_ONLY",
        "loanPurpose": "OWNER_OCCUPIED",
        "tiers": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
            "minimumValue": 0,
            "maximumValue": 0,
            "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
            "applicabilityConditions": {
              "additionalInfo": "string",
              "additionalInfoUri": "string"
            },
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseBankingProductById
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
 This operation does not require authentication
Common APIs
Get Customer

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/common/customer HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/common/customer',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /common/customer

Obtain basic information on the customer that has authorised the current session

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "customerUType": "person",
    "person": {
      "lastUpdateTime": "string",
      "firstName": "string",
      "lastName": "string",
      "middleNames": [
        "string"
      ],
      "prefix": "string",
      "suffix": "string",
      "occupationCode": "string",
      "occupationCodeVersion": "ANZSCO_1220.0_2013_V1.2"
    },
    "organisation": {
      "lastUpdateTime": "string",
      "agentFirstName": "string",
      "agentLastName": "string",
      "agentRole": "string",
      "businessName": "string",
      "legalName": "string",
      "shortName": "string",
      "abn": "string",
      "acn": "string",
      "isACNCRegistered": true,
      "industryCode": "string",
      "industryCodeVersion": "ANZSIC_1292.0_2006_V2.0",
      "organisationType": "COMPANY",
      "registeredCountry": "string",
      "establishmentDate": "string"
    }
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseCommonCustomer
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: common:customer.basic:read
Get Customer Detail

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/common/customer/detail HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string
x-fapi-interaction-id: string
x-fapi-auth-date: string
x-fapi-customer-ip-address: string
x-cds-client-headers: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string',
  'x-fapi-interaction-id':'string',
  'x-fapi-auth-date':'string',
  'x-fapi-customer-ip-address':'string',
  'x-cds-client-headers':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/common/customer/detail',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /common/customer/detail

Obtain detailed information on the authorised customer within the current session.

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
x-fapi-interaction-id	header	string	optional	An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
x-fapi-auth-date	header	string	optional	The time when the customer last logged in to the data recipient. Required for all resource calls (customer present and unattended). Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-fapi-customer-ip-address	header	string	optional	The customer's original IP address if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. The presence of this header indicates that the API is being called in a customer present context. Not to be included for unauthenticated calls.
x-cds-client-headers	header	Base64	optional	The customer's original standard http headers Base64 encoded, including the original User Agent header, if the customer is currently logged in to the data recipient. Mandatory for customer present calls. Not required for unattended or unauthenticated calls.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "customerUType": "person",
    "person": {
      "lastUpdateTime": "string",
      "firstName": "string",
      "lastName": "string",
      "middleNames": [
        "string"
      ],
      "prefix": "string",
      "suffix": "string",
      "occupationCode": "string",
      "occupationCodeVersion": "ANZSCO_1220.0_2013_V1.2",
      "phoneNumbers": [
        {
          "isPreferred": true,
          "purpose": "MOBILE",
          "countryCode": "string",
          "areaCode": "string",
          "number": "string",
          "extension": "string",
          "fullNumber": "string"
        }
      ],
      "emailAddresses": [
        {
          "isPreferred": true,
          "purpose": "WORK",
          "address": "string"
        }
      ],
      "physicalAddresses": [
        {
          "addressUType": "simple",
          "simple": {
            "mailingName": "string",
            "addressLine1": "string",
            "addressLine2": "string",
            "addressLine3": "string",
            "postcode": "string",
            "city": "string",
            "state": "string",
            "country": "AUS"
          },
          "paf": {
            "dpid": "string",
            "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
            "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
            "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
            "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
            "flatUnitType": "string",
            "flatUnitNumber": "string",
            "floorLevelType": "string",
            "floorLevelNumber": "string",
            "lotNumber": "string",
            "buildingName1": "string",
            "buildingName2": "string",
            "streetName": "string",
            "streetType": "string",
            "streetSuffix": "string",
            "postalDeliveryType": "string",
            "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
            "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
            "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
            "localityName": "string",
            "postcode": "string",
            "state": "string"
          },
          "purpose": "MAIL"
        }
      ]
    },
    "organisation": {
      "lastUpdateTime": "string",
      "agentFirstName": "string",
      "agentLastName": "string",
      "agentRole": "string",
      "businessName": "string",
      "legalName": "string",
      "shortName": "string",
      "abn": "string",
      "acn": "string",
      "isACNCRegistered": true,
      "industryCode": "string",
      "industryCodeVersion": "ANZSIC_1292.0_2006_V2.0",
      "organisationType": "COMPANY",
      "registeredCountry": "string",
      "establishmentDate": "string",
      "physicalAddresses": [
        {
          "addressUType": "simple",
          "simple": {
            "mailingName": "string",
            "addressLine1": "string",
            "addressLine2": "string",
            "addressLine3": "string",
            "postcode": "string",
            "city": "string",
            "state": "string",
            "country": "AUS"
          },
          "paf": {
            "dpid": "string",
            "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
            "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
            "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
            "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
            "flatUnitType": "string",
            "flatUnitNumber": "string",
            "floorLevelType": "string",
            "floorLevelNumber": "string",
            "lotNumber": "string",
            "buildingName1": "string",
            "buildingName2": "string",
            "streetName": "string",
            "streetType": "string",
            "streetSuffix": "string",
            "postalDeliveryType": "string",
            "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
            "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
            "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
            "localityName": "string",
            "postcode": "string",
            "state": "string"
          },
          "purpose": "MAIL"
        }
      ]
    }
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseCommonCustomerDetail
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
200	x-fapi-interaction-id	string		An RFC4122 UUID used as a correlation id. If provided, the data holder must play back this value in the x-fapi-interaction-id response header. If not provided a [RFC4122] UUID value is required to be provided in the response header to track the interaction.
 To perform this operation, you must be authenticated and authorised with the following scopes: common:customer.detail:read
Get Status

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/discovery/status HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/discovery/status',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /discovery/status

Obtain a health check status for the implementation

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "status": "OK",
    "explanation": "string",
    "detectionTime": "string",
    "expectedResolutionTime": "string",
    "updateTime": "string"
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseCommonDiscoveryStatus
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
 This operation does not require authentication
Get Outages

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/discovery/outages HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/discovery/outages',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /discovery/outages

Obtain a list of scheduled outages for the implementation

Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder must respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "outages": [
      {
        "outageTime": "string",
        "duration": "string",
        "isPartial": true,
        "explanation": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseDiscoveryOutagesList
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
 This operation does not require authentication
Schemas
RequestAccountIds

{
  "data": {
    "accountIds": [
      "string"
    ]
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» accountIds	[string]	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
ResponseBankingProductList

{
  "data": {
    "products": [
      {
        "productId": "string",
        "effectiveFrom": "string",
        "effectiveTo": "string",
        "lastUpdated": "string",
        "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
        "name": "string",
        "description": "string",
        "brand": "string",
        "brandName": "string",
        "applicationUri": "string",
        "isTailored": true,
        "additionalInformation": {
          "overviewUri": "string",
          "termsUri": "string",
          "eligibilityUri": "string",
          "feesAndPricingUri": "string",
          "bundleUri": "string"
        },
        "cardArt": [
          {
            "title": "string",
            "imageUri": "string"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» products	[BankingProductV3]	mandatory	none	The list of products returned. If the filter results in an empty set then this array may have no records
links	LinksPaginated	mandatory	none	none
meta	MetaPaginated	mandatory	none	none
BankingProductV3

{
  "productId": "string",
  "effectiveFrom": "string",
  "effectiveTo": "string",
  "lastUpdated": "string",
  "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "brand": "string",
  "brandName": "string",
  "applicationUri": "string",
  "isTailored": true,
  "additionalInformation": {
    "overviewUri": "string",
    "termsUri": "string",
    "eligibilityUri": "string",
    "feesAndPricingUri": "string",
    "bundleUri": "string"
  },
  "cardArt": [
    {
      "title": "string",
      "imageUri": "string"
    }
  ]
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
productId	ASCIIString	mandatory	none	A data holder specific unique identifier for this product. This identifier must be unique to a product but does not otherwise need to adhere to ID permanence guidelines.
effectiveFrom	DateTimeString	optional	none	The date and time from which this product is effective (ie. is available for origination). Used to enable the articulation of products to the regime before they are available for customers to originate
effectiveTo	DateTimeString	optional	none	The date and time at which this product will be retired and will no longer be offered. Used to enable the managed deprecation of products
lastUpdated	DateTimeString	mandatory	none	The last date and time that the information for this product was changed (or the creation date for the product if it has never been altered)
productCategory	BankingProductCategory	mandatory	none	The category to which a product or account belongs. See here for more details
name	string	mandatory	none	The display name of the product
description	string	mandatory	none	A description of the product
brand	string	mandatory	none	A label of the brand for the product. Able to be used for filtering. For data holders with single brands this value is still required
brandName	string	optional	none	An optional display name of the brand
applicationUri	URIString	optional	none	A link to an application web page where this product can be applied for.
isTailored	Boolean	mandatory	none	Indicates whether the product is specifically tailored to a circumstance. In this case fees and prices are significantly negotiated depending on context. While all products are open to a degree of tailoring this flag indicates that tailoring is expected and thus that the provision of specific fees and rates is not applicable
additionalInformation	object	optional	none	Object that contains links to additional information on specific topics
» overviewUri	URIString	optional	none	General overview of the product
» termsUri	URIString	optional	none	Terms and conditions for the product
» eligibilityUri	URIString	optional	none	Eligibility rules and criteria for the product
» feesAndPricingUri	URIString	optional	none	Description of fees, pricing, discounts, exemptions and bonuses for the product
» bundleUri	URIString	optional	none	Description of a bundle that this product can be part of
cardArt	[object]	optional	none	An array of card art images
» title	string	optional	none	Display label for the specific image
» imageUri	URIString	mandatory	none	URI reference to a PNG, JPG or GIF image with proportions defined by ISO 7810 ID-1 and width no greater than 512 pixels. The URI reference may be a link or url-encoded data URI RFC 2397
ResponseBankingProductById

{
  "data": {
    "productId": "string",
    "effectiveFrom": "string",
    "effectiveTo": "string",
    "lastUpdated": "string",
    "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
    "name": "string",
    "description": "string",
    "brand": "string",
    "brandName": "string",
    "applicationUri": "string",
    "isTailored": true,
    "additionalInformation": {
      "overviewUri": "string",
      "termsUri": "string",
      "eligibilityUri": "string",
      "feesAndPricingUri": "string",
      "bundleUri": "string"
    },
    "cardArt": [
      {
        "title": "string",
        "imageUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "bundles": [
      {
        "name": "string",
        "description": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string",
        "productIds": [
          "string"
        ]
      }
    ],
    "features": [
      {
        "featureType": "ADDITIONAL_CARDS",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "constraints": [
      {
        "constraintType": "MIN_BALANCE",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "eligibility": [
      {
        "eligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "fees": [
      {
        "name": "string",
        "feeType": "DEPOSIT",
        "amount": "string",
        "balanceRate": "string",
        "transactionRate": "string",
        "accruedRate": "string",
        "accrualFrequency": "string",
        "currency": "string",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string",
        "discounts": [
          {
            "description": "string",
            "discountType": "BALANCE",
            "amount": "string",
            "balanceRate": "string",
            "transactionRate": "string",
            "accruedRate": "string",
            "feeRate": "string",
            "additionalValue": "string",
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string",
            "eligibility": [
              {
                "discountEligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
                "additionalValue": "string",
                "additionalInfo": "string",
                "additionalInfoUri": "string"
              }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "depositRates": [
      {
        "depositRateType": "BONUS",
        "rate": "string",
        "calculationFrequency": "string",
        "applicationFrequency": "string",
        "tiers": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
            "minimumValue": 0,
            "maximumValue": 0,
            "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
            "applicabilityConditions": {
              "additionalInfo": "string",
              "additionalInfoUri": "string"
            },
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "lendingRates": [
      {
        "lendingRateType": "BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_FIXED",
        "rate": "string",
        "comparisonRate": "string",
        "calculationFrequency": "string",
        "applicationFrequency": "string",
        "interestPaymentDue": "IN_ADVANCE",
        "repaymentType": "INTEREST_ONLY",
        "loanPurpose": "OWNER_OCCUPIED",
        "tiers": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
            "minimumValue": 0,
            "maximumValue": 0,
            "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
            "applicabilityConditions": {
              "additionalInfo": "string",
              "additionalInfoUri": "string"
            },
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	BankingProductDetailV3	mandatory	none	none
links	Links	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
BankingProductDetailV3

{
  "productId": "string",
  "effectiveFrom": "string",
  "effectiveTo": "string",
  "lastUpdated": "string",
  "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "brand": "string",
  "brandName": "string",
  "applicationUri": "string",
  "isTailored": true,
  "additionalInformation": {
    "overviewUri": "string",
    "termsUri": "string",
    "eligibilityUri": "string",
    "feesAndPricingUri": "string",
    "bundleUri": "string"
  },
  "cardArt": [
    {
      "title": "string",
      "imageUri": "string"
    }
  ],
  "bundles": [
    {
      "name": "string",
      "description": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string",
      "productIds": [
        "string"
      ]
    }
  ],
  "features": [
    {
      "featureType": "ADDITIONAL_CARDS",
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string"
    }
  ],
  "constraints": [
    {
      "constraintType": "MIN_BALANCE",
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string"
    }
  ],
  "eligibility": [
    {
      "eligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string"
    }
  ],
  "fees": [
    {
      "name": "string",
      "feeType": "DEPOSIT",
      "amount": "string",
      "balanceRate": "string",
      "transactionRate": "string",
      "accruedRate": "string",
      "accrualFrequency": "string",
      "currency": "string",
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string",
      "discounts": [
        {
          "description": "string",
          "discountType": "BALANCE",
          "amount": "string",
          "balanceRate": "string",
          "transactionRate": "string",
          "accruedRate": "string",
          "feeRate": "string",
          "additionalValue": "string",
          "additionalInfo": "string",
          "additionalInfoUri": "string",
          "eligibility": [
            {
              "discountEligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
              "additionalValue": "string",
              "additionalInfo": "string",
              "additionalInfoUri": "string"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "depositRates": [
    {
      "depositRateType": "BONUS",
      "rate": "string",
      "calculationFrequency": "string",
      "applicationFrequency": "string",
      "tiers": [
        {
          "name": "string",
          "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
          "minimumValue": 0,
          "maximumValue": 0,
          "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
          "applicabilityConditions": {
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          },
          "additionalInfo": "string",
          "additionalInfoUri": "string"
        }
      ],
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string"
    }
  ],
  "lendingRates": [
    {
      "lendingRateType": "BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_FIXED",
      "rate": "string",
      "comparisonRate": "string",
      "calculationFrequency": "string",
      "applicationFrequency": "string",
      "interestPaymentDue": "IN_ADVANCE",
      "repaymentType": "INTEREST_ONLY",
      "loanPurpose": "OWNER_OCCUPIED",
      "tiers": [
        {
          "name": "string",
          "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
          "minimumValue": 0,
          "maximumValue": 0,
          "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
          "applicabilityConditions": {
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          },
          "additionalInfo": "string",
          "additionalInfoUri": "string"
        }
      ],
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string"
    }
  ]
}

Properties
allOf

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	BankingProductV3	mandatory	none	none
and

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	object	mandatory	none	none
» bundles	[BankingProductBundle]	optional	none	An array of bundles that this product participates in. Each bundle is described by free form information but also by a list of product IDs of the other products that are included in the bundle. It is assumed that the current product is included in the bundle also
» features	[BankingProductFeature]	optional	none	Array of features available for the product
» constraints	[BankingProductConstraint]	optional	none	Constraints on the application for or operation of the product such as minimum balances or limit thresholds
» eligibility	[BankingProductEligibility]	optional	none	Eligibility criteria for the product
» fees	[BankingProductFee]	optional	none	Fees applicable for the product
» depositRates	[BankingProductDepositRate]	optional	none	Interest rates available for deposits
» lendingRates	[BankingProductLendingRateV2]	optional	none	Interest rates charged against lending balances
BankingProductBundle

{
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string",
  "productIds": [
    "string"
  ]
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
name	string	mandatory	none	Name of the bundle
description	string	mandatory	none	Description of the bundle
additionalInfo	string	optional	none	Display text providing more information on the bundle
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on the bundle criteria and benefits
productIds	[string]	optional	none	Array of product IDs for products included in the bundle that are available via the product end points. Note that this array is not intended to represent a comprehensive model of the products included in the bundle and some products available for the bundle may not be available via the product reference end points
BankingProductFeature

{
  "featureType": "ADDITIONAL_CARDS",
  "additionalValue": "string",
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
featureType	string	mandatory	none	The type of feature described
additionalValue	string	conditional	none	Generic field containing additional information relevant to the featureType specified. Whether mandatory or not is dependent on the value of the featureType.
additionalInfo	string	conditional	none	Display text providing more information on the feature. Mandatory if the feature type is set to OTHER
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on this feature
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
featureType	ADDITIONAL_CARDS
featureType	BALANCE_TRANSFERS
featureType	BILL_PAYMENT
featureType	BONUS_REWARDS
featureType	CARD_ACCESS
featureType	COMPLEMENTARY_PRODUCT_DISCOUNTS
featureType	DIGITAL_BANKING
featureType	DIGITAL_WALLET
featureType	DONATE_INTEREST
featureType	FREE_TXNS
featureType	FREE_TXNS_ALLOWANCE
featureType	INSURANCE
featureType	INTEREST_FREE
featureType	INTEREST_FREE_TRANSFERS
featureType	LOYALTY_PROGRAM
featureType	NOTIFICATIONS
featureType	NPP_ENABLED
featureType	NPP_PAYID
featureType	OFFSET
featureType	OVERDRAFT
featureType	REDRAW
featureType	UNLIMITED_TXNS
featureType	OTHER
BankingProductConstraint

{
  "constraintType": "MIN_BALANCE",
  "additionalValue": "string",
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
constraintType	string	mandatory	none	The type of constraint described. See the next section for an overview of valid values and their meaning
additionalValue	string	conditional	none	Generic field containing additional information relevant to the constraintType specified. Whether mandatory or not is dependent on the value of constraintType
additionalInfo	string	optional	none	Display text providing more information the constraint
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on the constraint
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
constraintType	MIN_BALANCE
constraintType	MIN_LIMIT
constraintType	MAX_BALANCE
constraintType	MAX_LIMIT
constraintType	OPENING_BALANCE
BankingProductEligibility

{
  "eligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
  "additionalValue": "string",
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
eligibilityType	string	mandatory	none	The type of eligibility criteria described. See the next section for an overview of valid values and their meaning
additionalValue	string	conditional	none	Generic field containing additional information relevant to the eligibilityType specified. Whether mandatory or not is dependent on the value of eligibilityType
additionalInfo	string	conditional	none	Display text providing more information on the eligibility criteria. Mandatory if the field is set to OTHER
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on this eligibility criteria
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
eligibilityType	BUSINESS
eligibilityType	EMPLOYMENT_STATUS
eligibilityType	MAX_AGE
eligibilityType	MIN_AGE
eligibilityType	MIN_INCOME
eligibilityType	MIN_TURNOVER
eligibilityType	NATURAL_PERSON
eligibilityType	PENSION_RECIPIENT
eligibilityType	RESIDENCY_STATUS
eligibilityType	STAFF
eligibilityType	STUDENT
eligibilityType	OTHER
BankingProductFee

{
  "name": "string",
  "feeType": "DEPOSIT",
  "amount": "string",
  "balanceRate": "string",
  "transactionRate": "string",
  "accruedRate": "string",
  "accrualFrequency": "string",
  "currency": "string",
  "additionalValue": "string",
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string",
  "discounts": [
    {
      "description": "string",
      "discountType": "BALANCE",
      "amount": "string",
      "balanceRate": "string",
      "transactionRate": "string",
      "accruedRate": "string",
      "feeRate": "string",
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string",
      "eligibility": [
        {
          "discountEligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
          "additionalValue": "string",
          "additionalInfo": "string",
          "additionalInfoUri": "string"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
name	string	mandatory	none	Name of the fee
feeType	string	mandatory	none	The type of fee
amount	AmountString	conditional	none	The amount charged for the fee. One of amount, balanceRate, transactionRate and accruedRate is mandatory unless the feeType "VARIABLE" is supplied
balanceRate	RateString	conditional	none	A fee rate calculated based on a proportion of the balance. One of amount, balanceRate, transactionRate and accruedRate is mandatory unless the feeType "VARIABLE" is supplied.
transactionRate	RateString	conditional	none	A fee rate calculated based on a proportion of a transaction. One of amount, balanceRate, transactionRate and accruedRate is mandatory unless the feeType "VARIABLE" is supplied
accruedRate	RateString	conditional	none	A fee rate calculated based on a proportion of the calculated interest accrued on the account. One of amount, balanceRate, transactionRate and accruedRate is mandatory unless the feeType "VARIABLE" is supplied
accrualFrequency	ExternalRef	optional	none	The indicative frequency with which the fee is calculated on the account. Only applies if balanceRate or accruedRate is also present. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations (excludes recurrence syntax)
currency	CurrencyString	optional	none	The currency the fee will be charged in. Assumes AUD if absent
additionalValue	string	conditional	none	Generic field containing additional information relevant to the feeType specified. Whether mandatory or not is dependent on the value of feeType
additionalInfo	string	optional	none	Display text providing more information on the fee
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on this fee
discounts	[BankingProductDiscount]	optional	none	An optional list of discounts to this fee that may be available
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
feeType	DEPOSIT
feeType	EVENT
feeType	EXIT
feeType	PAYMENT
feeType	PERIODIC
feeType	PURCHASE
feeType	TRANSACTION
feeType	UPFRONT
feeType	VARIABLE
feeType	WITHDRAWAL
BankingProductDiscount

{
  "description": "string",
  "discountType": "BALANCE",
  "amount": "string",
  "balanceRate": "string",
  "transactionRate": "string",
  "accruedRate": "string",
  "feeRate": "string",
  "additionalValue": "string",
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string",
  "eligibility": [
    {
      "discountEligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string"
    }
  ]
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
description	string	mandatory	none	Description of the discount
discountType	string	mandatory	none	The type of discount. See the next section for an overview of valid values and their meaning
amount	AmountString	conditional	none	Dollar value of the discount. One of amount, balanceRate, transactionRate, accruedRate and feeRate is mandatory.
balanceRate	RateString	conditional	none	A discount rate calculated based on a proportion of the balance. Note that the currency of the fee discount is expected to be the same as the currency of the fee itself. One of amount, balanceRate, transactionRate, accruedRate and feeRate is mandatory. Unless noted in additionalInfo, assumes the application and calculation frequency are the same as the corresponding fee
transactionRate	RateString	conditional	none	A discount rate calculated based on a proportion of a transaction. Note that the currency of the fee discount is expected to be the same as the currency of the fee itself. One of amount, balanceRate, transactionRate, accruedRate and feeRate is mandatory
accruedRate	RateString	conditional	none	A discount rate calculated based on a proportion of the calculated interest accrued on the account. Note that the currency of the fee discount is expected to be the same as the currency of the fee itself. One of amount, balanceRate, transactionRate, accruedRate and feeRate is mandatory. Unless noted in additionalInfo, assumes the application and calculation frequency are the same as the corresponding fee
feeRate	RateString	conditional	none	A discount rate calculated based on a proportion of the fee to which this discount is attached. Note that the currency of the fee discount is expected to be the same as the currency of the fee itself. One of amount, balanceRate, transactionRate, accruedRate and feeRate is mandatory. Unless noted in additionalInfo, assumes the application and calculation frequency are the same as the corresponding fee
additionalValue	string	conditional	none	Generic field containing additional information relevant to the discountType specified. Whether mandatory or not is dependent on the value of discountType
additionalInfo	string	optional	none	Display text providing more information on the discount
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on this discount
eligibility	[BankingProductDiscountEligibility]	conditional	none	Eligibility constraints that apply to this discount. Mandatory if discountType is ELIGIBILITY_ONLY.
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
discountType	BALANCE
discountType	DEPOSITS
discountType	ELIGIBILITY_ONLY
discountType	FEE_CAP
discountType	PAYMENTS
BankingProductDiscountEligibility

{
  "discountEligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
  "additionalValue": "string",
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
discountEligibilityType	string	mandatory	none	The type of the specific eligibility constraint for a discount
additionalValue	string	conditional	none	Generic field containing additional information relevant to the discountEligibilityType specified. Whether mandatory or not is dependent on the value of discountEligibilityType
additionalInfo	string	conditional	none	Display text providing more information on this eligibility constraint. Whether mandatory or not is dependent on the value of discountEligibilityType
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on this eligibility constraint
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
discountEligibilityType	BUSINESS
discountEligibilityType	EMPLOYMENT_STATUS
discountEligibilityType	INTRODUCTORY
discountEligibilityType	MAX_AGE
discountEligibilityType	MIN_AGE
discountEligibilityType	MIN_INCOME
discountEligibilityType	MIN_TURNOVER
discountEligibilityType	NATURAL_PERSON
discountEligibilityType	PENSION_RECIPIENT
discountEligibilityType	RESIDENCY_STATUS
discountEligibilityType	STAFF
discountEligibilityType	STUDENT
discountEligibilityType	OTHER
BankingProductDepositRate

{
  "depositRateType": "BONUS",
  "rate": "string",
  "calculationFrequency": "string",
  "applicationFrequency": "string",
  "tiers": [
    {
      "name": "string",
      "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
      "minimumValue": 0,
      "maximumValue": 0,
      "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
      "applicabilityConditions": {
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      },
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string"
    }
  ],
  "additionalValue": "string",
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
depositRateType	string	mandatory	none	The type of rate (base, bonus, etc). See the next section for an overview of valid values and their meaning
rate	RateString	mandatory	none	The rate to be applied
calculationFrequency	ExternalRef	optional	none	The period after which the rate is applied to the balance to calculate the amount due for the period. Calculation of the amount is often daily (as balances may change) but accumulated until the total amount is 'applied' to the account (see applicationFrequency). Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations (excludes recurrence syntax)
applicationFrequency	ExternalRef	optional	none	The period after which the calculated amount(s) (see calculationFrequency) are 'applied' (i.e. debited or credited) to the account. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations (excludes recurrence syntax)
tiers	[BankingProductRateTierV3]	optional	none	Rate tiers applicable for this rate
additionalValue	string	conditional	none	Generic field containing additional information relevant to the depositRateType specified. Whether mandatory or not is dependent on the value of depositRateType
additionalInfo	string	optional	none	Display text providing more information on the rate
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on this rate
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
depositRateType	BONUS
depositRateType	BUNDLE_BONUS
depositRateType	FIXED
depositRateType	FLOATING
depositRateType	INTRODUCTORY
depositRateType	MARKET_LINKED
depositRateType	VARIABLE
BankingProductLendingRateV2

{
  "lendingRateType": "BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_FIXED",
  "rate": "string",
  "comparisonRate": "string",
  "calculationFrequency": "string",
  "applicationFrequency": "string",
  "interestPaymentDue": "IN_ADVANCE",
  "repaymentType": "INTEREST_ONLY",
  "loanPurpose": "OWNER_OCCUPIED",
  "tiers": [
    {
      "name": "string",
      "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
      "minimumValue": 0,
      "maximumValue": 0,
      "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
      "applicabilityConditions": {
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      },
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string"
    }
  ],
  "additionalValue": "string",
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
lendingRateType	string	mandatory	none	The type of rate (fixed, variable, etc). See the next section for an overview of valid values and their meaning
rate	RateString	mandatory	none	The rate to be applied
comparisonRate	RateString	optional	none	A comparison rate equivalent for this rate
calculationFrequency	ExternalRef	optional	none	The period after which the rate is applied to the balance to calculate the amount due for the period. Calculation of the amount is often daily (as balances may change) but accumulated until the total amount is 'applied' to the account (see applicationFrequency). Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations (excludes recurrence syntax)
applicationFrequency	ExternalRef	optional	none	The period after which the calculated amount(s) (see calculationFrequency) are 'applied' (i.e. debited or credited) to the account. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations (excludes recurrence syntax)
interestPaymentDue	string	optional	none	When loan payments are due to be paid within each period. The investment benefit of earlier payments affect the rate that can be offered
repaymentType	string	optional	none	Options in place for repayments. If absent, the lending rate is applicable to all repayment types
loanPurpose	string	optional	none	The reason for taking out the loan. If absent, the lending rate is applicable to all loan purposes
tiers	[BankingProductRateTierV3]	optional	none	Rate tiers applicable for this rate
additionalValue	string	conditional	none	Generic field containing additional information relevant to the lendingRateType specified. Whether mandatory or not is dependent on the value of lendingRateType
additionalInfo	string	optional	none	Display text providing more information on the rate.
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on this rate
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
lendingRateType	BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_FIXED
lendingRateType	BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_VARIABLE
lendingRateType	CASH_ADVANCE
lendingRateType	DISCOUNT
lendingRateType	FLOATING
lendingRateType	INTRODUCTORY
lendingRateType	MARKET_LINKED
lendingRateType	PENALTY
lendingRateType	PURCHASE
lendingRateType	VARIABLE
lendingRateType	FIXED
interestPaymentDue	IN_ADVANCE
interestPaymentDue	IN_ARREARS
repaymentType	INTEREST_ONLY
repaymentType	PRINCIPAL_AND_INTEREST
loanPurpose	OWNER_OCCUPIED
loanPurpose	INVESTMENT
BankingProductRateTierV3

{
  "name": "string",
  "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
  "minimumValue": 0,
  "maximumValue": 0,
  "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
  "applicabilityConditions": {
    "additionalInfo": "string",
    "additionalInfoUri": "string"
  },
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string"
}

Defines the criteria and conditions for which a rate applies

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
name	string	mandatory	none	A display name for the tier
unitOfMeasure	string	mandatory	none	The unit of measure that applies to the tierValueMinimum and tierValueMaximum values e.g. a DOLLAR amount. PERCENT (in the case of loan-to-value ratio or LVR). Tier term period representing a discrete number of MONTH's or DAY's (in the case of term deposit tiers)
minimumValue	Number	mandatory	none	The number of tierUnitOfMeasure units that form the lower bound of the tier. The tier should be inclusive of this value
maximumValue	Number	optional	none	The number of tierUnitOfMeasure units that form the upper bound of the tier or band. For a tier with a discrete value (as opposed to a range of values e.g. 1 month) this must be the same as tierValueMinimum. Where this is the same as the tierValueMinimum value of the next-higher tier the referenced tier should be exclusive of this value. For example a term deposit of 2 months falls into the upper tier of the following tiers: (1 – 2 months, 2 – 3 months). If absent the tier's range has no upper bound.
rateApplicationMethod	string	optional	none	The method used to calculate the amount to be applied using one or more tiers. A single rate may be applied to the entire balance or each applicable tier rate is applied to the portion of the balance that falls into that tier (referred to as 'bands' or 'steps')
applicabilityConditions	BankingProductRateCondition	optional	none	Defines a condition for the applicability of a tiered rate
additionalInfo	string	optional	none	Display text providing more information on the rate tier.
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on this rate tier
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
unitOfMeasure	DOLLAR
unitOfMeasure	PERCENT
unitOfMeasure	DAY
unitOfMeasure	MONTH
rateApplicationMethod	PER_TIER
rateApplicationMethod	WHOLE_BALANCE
BankingProductRateCondition

{
  "additionalInfo": "string",
  "additionalInfoUri": "string"
}

Defines a condition for the applicability of a tiered rate

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
additionalInfo	string	optional	none	Display text providing more information on the condition
additionalInfoUri	URIString	optional	none	Link to a web page with more information on this condition
ResponseBankingAccountList

{
  "data": {
    "accounts": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "creationDate": "string",
        "displayName": "string",
        "nickname": "string",
        "openStatus": "OPEN",
        "isOwned": true,
        "maskedNumber": "string",
        "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
        "productName": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» accounts	[BankingAccount]	mandatory	none	The list of accounts returned. If the filter results in an empty set then this array may have no records
links	LinksPaginated	mandatory	none	none
meta	MetaPaginated	mandatory	none	none
BankingAccount

{
  "accountId": "string",
  "creationDate": "string",
  "displayName": "string",
  "nickname": "string",
  "openStatus": "OPEN",
  "isOwned": true,
  "maskedNumber": "string",
  "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
  "productName": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
accountId	ASCIIString	mandatory	none	A unique ID of the account adhering to the standards for ID permanence
creationDate	DateString	optional	none	Date that the account was created (if known)
displayName	string	mandatory	none	The display name of the account as defined by the bank. This should not incorporate account numbers or PANs. If it does the values should be masked according to the rules of the MaskedAccountString common type.
nickname	string	optional	none	A customer supplied nick name for the account
openStatus	string	optional	none	Open or closed status for the account. If not present then OPEN is assumed
isOwned	Boolean	optional	none	Flag indicating that the customer associated with the authorisation is an owner of the account. Does not indicate sole ownership, however. If not present then 'true' is assumed
maskedNumber	MaskedAccountString	mandatory	none	A masked version of the account. Whether BSB/Account Number, Credit Card PAN or another number
productCategory	BankingProductCategory	mandatory	none	The category to which a product or account belongs. See here for more details
productName	string	mandatory	none	The unique identifier of the account as defined by the data holder (akin to model number for the account)
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
openStatus	OPEN
openStatus	CLOSED
ResponseBankingAccountById

{
  "data": {
    "accountId": "string",
    "creationDate": "string",
    "displayName": "string",
    "nickname": "string",
    "openStatus": "OPEN",
    "isOwned": true,
    "maskedNumber": "string",
    "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
    "productName": "string",
    "bsb": "string",
    "accountNumber": "string",
    "bundleName": "string",
    "specificAccountUType": "termDeposit",
    "termDeposit": [
      {
        "lodgementDate": "string",
        "maturityDate": "string",
        "maturityAmount": "string",
        "maturityCurrency": "string",
        "maturityInstructions": "ROLLED_OVER"
      }
    ],
    "creditCard": {
      "minPaymentAmount": "string",
      "paymentDueAmount": "string",
      "paymentCurrency": "string",
      "paymentDueDate": "string"
    },
    "loan": {
      "originalStartDate": "string",
      "originalLoanAmount": "string",
      "originalLoanCurrency": "string",
      "loanEndDate": "string",
      "nextInstalmentDate": "string",
      "minInstalmentAmount": "string",
      "minInstalmentCurrency": "string",
      "maxRedraw": "string",
      "maxRedrawCurrency": "string",
      "minRedraw": "string",
      "minRedrawCurrency": "string",
      "offsetAccountEnabled": true,
      "offsetAccountIds": [
        "string"
      ],
      "repaymentType": "PRINCIPAL_AND_INTEREST",
      "repaymentFrequency": "string"
    },
    "depositRate": "string",
    "lendingRate": "string",
    "depositRates": [
      {
        "depositRateType": "BONUS",
        "rate": "string",
        "calculationFrequency": "string",
        "applicationFrequency": "string",
        "tiers": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
            "minimumValue": 0,
            "maximumValue": 0,
            "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
            "applicabilityConditions": {
              "additionalInfo": "string",
              "additionalInfoUri": "string"
            },
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "lendingRates": [
      {
        "lendingRateType": "BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_FIXED",
        "rate": "string",
        "comparisonRate": "string",
        "calculationFrequency": "string",
        "applicationFrequency": "string",
        "interestPaymentDue": "IN_ADVANCE",
        "repaymentType": "INTEREST_ONLY",
        "loanPurpose": "OWNER_OCCUPIED",
        "tiers": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
            "minimumValue": 0,
            "maximumValue": 0,
            "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
            "applicabilityConditions": {
              "additionalInfo": "string",
              "additionalInfoUri": "string"
            },
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          }
        ],
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string"
      }
    ],
    "features": [
      {
        "featureType": "ADDITIONAL_CARDS",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string",
        "isActivated": true
      }
    ],
    "fees": [
      {
        "name": "string",
        "feeType": "DEPOSIT",
        "amount": "string",
        "balanceRate": "string",
        "transactionRate": "string",
        "accruedRate": "string",
        "accrualFrequency": "string",
        "currency": "string",
        "additionalValue": "string",
        "additionalInfo": "string",
        "additionalInfoUri": "string",
        "discounts": [
          {
            "description": "string",
            "discountType": "BALANCE",
            "amount": "string",
            "balanceRate": "string",
            "transactionRate": "string",
            "accruedRate": "string",
            "feeRate": "string",
            "additionalValue": "string",
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string",
            "eligibility": [
              {
                "discountEligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
                "additionalValue": "string",
                "additionalInfo": "string",
                "additionalInfoUri": "string"
              }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "addresses": [
      {
        "addressUType": "simple",
        "simple": {
          "mailingName": "string",
          "addressLine1": "string",
          "addressLine2": "string",
          "addressLine3": "string",
          "postcode": "string",
          "city": "string",
          "state": "string",
          "country": "AUS"
        },
        "paf": {
          "dpid": "string",
          "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
          "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
          "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
          "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
          "flatUnitType": "string",
          "flatUnitNumber": "string",
          "floorLevelType": "string",
          "floorLevelNumber": "string",
          "lotNumber": "string",
          "buildingName1": "string",
          "buildingName2": "string",
          "streetName": "string",
          "streetType": "string",
          "streetSuffix": "string",
          "postalDeliveryType": "string",
          "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
          "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
          "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
          "localityName": "string",
          "postcode": "string",
          "state": "string"
        }
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	BankingAccountDetail	mandatory	none	none
links	Links	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
BankingAccountDetail

{
  "accountId": "string",
  "creationDate": "string",
  "displayName": "string",
  "nickname": "string",
  "openStatus": "OPEN",
  "isOwned": true,
  "maskedNumber": "string",
  "productCategory": "BUSINESS_LOANS",
  "productName": "string",
  "bsb": "string",
  "accountNumber": "string",
  "bundleName": "string",
  "specificAccountUType": "termDeposit",
  "termDeposit": [
    {
      "lodgementDate": "string",
      "maturityDate": "string",
      "maturityAmount": "string",
      "maturityCurrency": "string",
      "maturityInstructions": "ROLLED_OVER"
    }
  ],
  "creditCard": {
    "minPaymentAmount": "string",
    "paymentDueAmount": "string",
    "paymentCurrency": "string",
    "paymentDueDate": "string"
  },
  "loan": {
    "originalStartDate": "string",
    "originalLoanAmount": "string",
    "originalLoanCurrency": "string",
    "loanEndDate": "string",
    "nextInstalmentDate": "string",
    "minInstalmentAmount": "string",
    "minInstalmentCurrency": "string",
    "maxRedraw": "string",
    "maxRedrawCurrency": "string",
    "minRedraw": "string",
    "minRedrawCurrency": "string",
    "offsetAccountEnabled": true,
    "offsetAccountIds": [
      "string"
    ],
    "repaymentType": "PRINCIPAL_AND_INTEREST",
    "repaymentFrequency": "string"
  },
  "depositRate": "string",
  "lendingRate": "string",
  "depositRates": [
    {
      "depositRateType": "BONUS",
      "rate": "string",
      "calculationFrequency": "string",
      "applicationFrequency": "string",
      "tiers": [
        {
          "name": "string",
          "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
          "minimumValue": 0,
          "maximumValue": 0,
          "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
          "applicabilityConditions": {
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          },
          "additionalInfo": "string",
          "additionalInfoUri": "string"
        }
      ],
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string"
    }
  ],
  "lendingRates": [
    {
      "lendingRateType": "BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_FIXED",
      "rate": "string",
      "comparisonRate": "string",
      "calculationFrequency": "string",
      "applicationFrequency": "string",
      "interestPaymentDue": "IN_ADVANCE",
      "repaymentType": "INTEREST_ONLY",
      "loanPurpose": "OWNER_OCCUPIED",
      "tiers": [
        {
          "name": "string",
          "unitOfMeasure": "DOLLAR",
          "minimumValue": 0,
          "maximumValue": 0,
          "rateApplicationMethod": "PER_TIER",
          "applicabilityConditions": {
            "additionalInfo": "string",
            "additionalInfoUri": "string"
          },
          "additionalInfo": "string",
          "additionalInfoUri": "string"
        }
      ],
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string"
    }
  ],
  "features": [
    {
      "featureType": "ADDITIONAL_CARDS",
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string",
      "isActivated": true
    }
  ],
  "fees": [
    {
      "name": "string",
      "feeType": "DEPOSIT",
      "amount": "string",
      "balanceRate": "string",
      "transactionRate": "string",
      "accruedRate": "string",
      "accrualFrequency": "string",
      "currency": "string",
      "additionalValue": "string",
      "additionalInfo": "string",
      "additionalInfoUri": "string",
      "discounts": [
        {
          "description": "string",
          "discountType": "BALANCE",
          "amount": "string",
          "balanceRate": "string",
          "transactionRate": "string",
          "accruedRate": "string",
          "feeRate": "string",
          "additionalValue": "string",
          "additionalInfo": "string",
          "additionalInfoUri": "string",
          "eligibility": [
            {
              "discountEligibilityType": "BUSINESS",
              "additionalValue": "string",
              "additionalInfo": "string",
              "additionalInfoUri": "string"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "addresses": [
    {
      "addressUType": "simple",
      "simple": {
        "mailingName": "string",
        "addressLine1": "string",
        "addressLine2": "string",
        "addressLine3": "string",
        "postcode": "string",
        "city": "string",
        "state": "string",
        "country": "AUS"
      },
      "paf": {
        "dpid": "string",
        "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
        "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
        "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
        "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
        "flatUnitType": "string",
        "flatUnitNumber": "string",
        "floorLevelType": "string",
        "floorLevelNumber": "string",
        "lotNumber": "string",
        "buildingName1": "string",
        "buildingName2": "string",
        "streetName": "string",
        "streetType": "string",
        "streetSuffix": "string",
        "postalDeliveryType": "string",
        "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
        "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
        "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
        "localityName": "string",
        "postcode": "string",
        "state": "string"
      }
    }
  ]
}

Properties
allOf

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	BankingAccount	mandatory	none	none
and

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	object	mandatory	none	none
» bsb	string	optional	none	The unmasked BSB for the account. Is expected to be formatted as digits only with leading zeros included and no punctuation or spaces
» accountNumber	string	optional	none	The unmasked account number for the account. Should not be supplied if the account number is a PAN requiring PCI compliance. Is expected to be formatted as digits only with leading zeros included and no punctuation or spaces
» bundleName	string	optional	none	Optional field to indicate if this account is part of a bundle that is providing additional benefit for to the customer
» specificAccountUType	string	optional	none	The type of structure to present account specific fields.
» termDeposit	[BankingTermDepositAccount]	conditional	none	none
» creditCard	BankingCreditCardAccount	conditional	none	none
» loan	BankingLoanAccount	conditional	none	none
» depositRate	RateString	optional	none	current rate to calculate interest earned being applied to deposit balances as it stands at the time of the API call
» lendingRate	RateString	optional	none	The current rate to calculate interest payable being applied to lending balances as it stands at the time of the API call
» depositRates	[BankingProductDepositRate]	optional	none	Fully described deposit rates for this account based on the equivalent structure in Product Reference
» lendingRates	[BankingProductLendingRateV2]	optional	none	Fully described deposit rates for this account based on the equivalent structure in Product Reference
» features	[allOf]	optional	none	Array of features of the account based on the equivalent structure in Product Reference with the following additional field
allOf

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
»» anonymous	BankingProductFeature	mandatory	none	none
and

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
»» anonymous	object	mandatory	none	none
»»» isActivated	Boolean	optional	none	True if the feature is already activated and false if the feature is available for activation. Defaults to true if absent. (note this is an additional field appended to the feature object defined in the Product Reference payload)
continued

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
»» fees	[BankingProductFee]	optional	none	Fees and charges applicable to the account based on the equivalent structure in Product Reference
»» addresses	[CommonPhysicalAddress]	optional	none	The addresses for the account to be used for correspondence
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
specificAccountUType	termDeposit
specificAccountUType	creditCard
specificAccountUType	loan
BankingTermDepositAccount

{
  "lodgementDate": "string",
  "maturityDate": "string",
  "maturityAmount": "string",
  "maturityCurrency": "string",
  "maturityInstructions": "ROLLED_OVER"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
lodgementDate	DateString	mandatory	none	The lodgement date of the original deposit
maturityDate	DateString	mandatory	none	Maturity date for the term deposit
maturityAmount	AmountString	optional	none	Amount to be paid upon maturity. If absent it implies the amount to paid is variable and cannot currently be calculated
maturityCurrency	CurrencyString	optional	none	If absent assumes AUD
maturityInstructions	string	mandatory	none	Current instructions on action to be taken at maturity. This includes default actions that may be specified in the terms and conditions for the product e.g. roll-over to the same term and frequency of interest payments
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
maturityInstructions	ROLLED_OVER
maturityInstructions	PAID_OUT_AT_MATURITY
maturityInstructions	HOLD_ON_MATURITY
BankingCreditCardAccount

{
  "minPaymentAmount": "string",
  "paymentDueAmount": "string",
  "paymentCurrency": "string",
  "paymentDueDate": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
minPaymentAmount	AmountString	mandatory	none	The minimum payment amount due for the next card payment
paymentDueAmount	AmountString	mandatory	none	The amount due for the next card payment
paymentCurrency	CurrencyString	optional	none	If absent assumes AUD
paymentDueDate	DateString	mandatory	none	Date that the next payment for the card is due
BankingLoanAccount

{
  "originalStartDate": "string",
  "originalLoanAmount": "string",
  "originalLoanCurrency": "string",
  "loanEndDate": "string",
  "nextInstalmentDate": "string",
  "minInstalmentAmount": "string",
  "minInstalmentCurrency": "string",
  "maxRedraw": "string",
  "maxRedrawCurrency": "string",
  "minRedraw": "string",
  "minRedrawCurrency": "string",
  "offsetAccountEnabled": true,
  "offsetAccountIds": [
    "string"
  ],
  "repaymentType": "PRINCIPAL_AND_INTEREST",
  "repaymentFrequency": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
originalStartDate	DateString	optional	none	Optional original start date for the loan
originalLoanAmount	AmountString	optional	none	Optional original loan value
originalLoanCurrency	CurrencyString	optional	none	If absent assumes AUD
loanEndDate	DateString	mandatory	none	Date that the loan is due to be repaid in full
nextInstalmentDate	DateString	mandatory	none	Next date that an instalment is required
minInstalmentAmount	AmountString	optional	none	Minimum amount of next instalment
minInstalmentCurrency	CurrencyString	optional	none	If absent assumes AUD
maxRedraw	AmountString	optional	none	Maximum amount of funds that can be redrawn. If not present redraw is not available even if the feature exists for the account
maxRedrawCurrency	CurrencyString	optional	none	If absent assumes AUD
minRedraw	AmountString	optional	none	Minimum redraw amount
minRedrawCurrency	CurrencyString	optional	none	If absent assumes AUD
offsetAccountEnabled	Boolean	optional	none	Set to true if one or more offset accounts are configured for this loan account
offsetAccountIds	[string]	optional	none	The accountIDs of the configured offset accounts attached to this loan. Only offset accounts that can be accessed under the current authorisation should be included. It is expected behaviour that offsetAccountEnabled is set to true but the offsetAccountIds field is absent or empty. This represents a situation where an offset account exists but details can not be accessed under the current authorisation
repaymentType	string	optional	none	Options in place for repayments. If absent defaults to PRINCIPAL_AND_INTEREST
repaymentFrequency	ExternalRef	mandatory	none	The expected or required repayment frequency. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations (excludes recurrence syntax)
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
repaymentType	INTEREST_ONLY
repaymentType	PRINCIPAL_AND_INTEREST
ResponseBankingTransactionList

{
  "data": {
    "transactions": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "transactionId": "string",
        "isDetailAvailable": true,
        "type": "DIRECT_DEBIT",
        "status": "PENDING",
        "description": "string",
        "postingDateTime": "string",
        "valueDateTime": "string",
        "executionDateTime": "string",
        "amount": "string",
        "currency": "string",
        "reference": "string",
        "merchantName": "string",
        "merchantCategoryCode": "string",
        "billerCode": "string",
        "billerName": "string",
        "crn": "string",
        "apcaNumber": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» transactions	[BankingTransaction]	mandatory	none	none
links	LinksPaginated	mandatory	none	none
meta	MetaPaginated	mandatory	none	none
BankingTransaction

{
  "accountId": "string",
  "transactionId": "string",
  "isDetailAvailable": true,
  "type": "DIRECT_DEBIT",
  "status": "PENDING",
  "description": "string",
  "postingDateTime": "string",
  "valueDateTime": "string",
  "executionDateTime": "string",
  "amount": "string",
  "currency": "string",
  "reference": "string",
  "merchantName": "string",
  "merchantCategoryCode": "string",
  "billerCode": "string",
  "billerName": "string",
  "crn": "string",
  "apcaNumber": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
accountId	ASCIIString	mandatory	none	ID of the account for which transactions are provided
transactionId	ASCIIString	conditional	none	A unique ID of the transaction adhering to the standards for ID permanence. This is mandatory (through hashing if necessary) unless there are specific and justifiable technical reasons why a transaction cannot be uniquely identified for a particular account type
isDetailAvailable	Boolean	mandatory	none	True if extended information is available using the transaction detail end point. False if extended data is not available
type	string	mandatory	none	The type of the transaction
status	string	mandatory	none	Status of the transaction whether pending or posted. Note that there is currently no provision in the standards to guarantee the ability to correlate a pending transaction with an associated posted transaction
description	string	mandatory	none	The transaction description as applied by the financial institution
postingDateTime	DateTimeString	conditional	none	The time the transaction was posted. This field is Mandatory if the transaction has status POSTED. This is the time that appears on a standard statement
valueDateTime	DateTimeString	optional	none	Date and time at which assets become available to the account owner in case of a credit entry, or cease to be available to the account owner in case of a debit transaction entry
executionDateTime	DateTimeString	optional	none	The time the transaction was executed by the originating customer, if available
amount	AmountString	mandatory	none	The value of the transaction. Negative values mean money was outgoing from the account
currency	CurrencyString	optional	none	The currency for the transaction amount. AUD assumed if not present
reference	string	mandatory	none	The reference for the transaction provided by the originating institution. Empty string if no data provided
merchantName	string	optional	none	Name of the merchant for an outgoing payment to a merchant
merchantCategoryCode	string	optional	none	The merchant category code (or MCC) for an outgoing payment to a merchant
billerCode	string	optional	none	BPAY Biller Code for the transaction (if available)
billerName	string	optional	none	Name of the BPAY biller for the transaction (if available)
crn	string	optional	none	BPAY CRN for the transaction (if available)
apcaNumber	string	optional	none	6 Digit APCA number for the initiating institution. The field is fixed-width and padded with leading zeros if applicable.
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
type	DIRECT_DEBIT
type	FEE
type	INTEREST_CHARGED
type	INTEREST_PAID
type	PAYMENT
type	TRANSFER_OUTGOING
type	TRANSFER_INCOMING
type	OTHER
status	PENDING
status	POSTED
ResponseBankingTransactionById

{
  "data": {
    "accountId": "string",
    "transactionId": "string",
    "isDetailAvailable": true,
    "type": "DIRECT_DEBIT",
    "status": "PENDING",
    "description": "string",
    "postingDateTime": "string",
    "valueDateTime": "string",
    "executionDateTime": "string",
    "amount": "string",
    "currency": "string",
    "reference": "string",
    "merchantName": "string",
    "merchantCategoryCode": "string",
    "billerCode": "string",
    "billerName": "string",
    "crn": "string",
    "apcaNumber": "string",
    "extendedData": {
      "payer": "string",
      "payee": "string",
      "extensionUType": "x2p101Payload",
      "x2p101Payload": {
        "extendedDescription": "string",
        "endToEndId": "string",
        "purposeCode": "string"
      },
      "service": "X2P1.01"
    }
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	BankingTransactionDetail	mandatory	none	none
links	Links	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
BankingTransactionDetail

{
  "accountId": "string",
  "transactionId": "string",
  "isDetailAvailable": true,
  "type": "DIRECT_DEBIT",
  "status": "PENDING",
  "description": "string",
  "postingDateTime": "string",
  "valueDateTime": "string",
  "executionDateTime": "string",
  "amount": "string",
  "currency": "string",
  "reference": "string",
  "merchantName": "string",
  "merchantCategoryCode": "string",
  "billerCode": "string",
  "billerName": "string",
  "crn": "string",
  "apcaNumber": "string",
  "extendedData": {
    "payer": "string",
    "payee": "string",
    "extensionUType": "x2p101Payload",
    "x2p101Payload": {
      "extendedDescription": "string",
      "endToEndId": "string",
      "purposeCode": "string"
    },
    "service": "X2P1.01"
  }
}

Properties
allOf

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	BankingTransaction	mandatory	none	none
and

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	object	mandatory	none	none
» extendedData	object	mandatory	none	none
»» payer	string	conditional	none	Label of the originating payer. Mandatory for inbound payment
»» payee	string	conditional	none	Label of the target PayID. Mandatory for an outbound payment. The name assigned to the BSB/Account Number or PayID (by the owner of the PayID)
»» extensionUType	string	optional	none	Optional extended data provided specific to transaction originated via NPP
»» x2p101Payload	object	optional	none	none
»»» extendedDescription	string	mandatory	none	An extended string description. Only present if specified by the extensionUType field
»»» endToEndId	string	optional	none	An end to end ID for the payment created at initiation
»»» purposeCode	string	optional	none	Purpose of the payment. Format is defined by NPP standards for the x2p1.01 overlay service
»» service	string	mandatory	none	Identifier of the applicable overlay service. Valid values are: X2P1.01
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
extensionUType	x2p101Payload
service	X2P1.01
ResponseBankingAccountsBalanceList

{
  "data": {
    "balances": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "currentBalance": "string",
        "availableBalance": "string",
        "creditLimit": "string",
        "amortisedLimit": "string",
        "currency": "string",
        "purses": [
          {
            "amount": "string",
            "currency": "string"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» balances	[BankingBalance]	mandatory	none	The list of balances returned
links	LinksPaginated	mandatory	none	none
meta	MetaPaginated	mandatory	none	none
ResponseBankingAccountsBalanceById

{
  "data": {
    "accountId": "string",
    "currentBalance": "string",
    "availableBalance": "string",
    "creditLimit": "string",
    "amortisedLimit": "string",
    "currency": "string",
    "purses": [
      {
        "amount": "string",
        "currency": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	BankingBalance	mandatory	none	none
links	Links	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
BankingBalance

{
  "accountId": "string",
  "currentBalance": "string",
  "availableBalance": "string",
  "creditLimit": "string",
  "amortisedLimit": "string",
  "currency": "string",
  "purses": [
    {
      "amount": "string",
      "currency": "string"
    }
  ]
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
accountId	ASCIIString	mandatory	none	A unique ID of the account adhering to the standards for ID permanence
currentBalance	AmountString	mandatory	none	The balance of the account at this time. Should align to the balance available via other channels such as Internet Banking. Assumed to be negative if the customer has money owing
availableBalance	AmountString	mandatory	none	Balance representing the amount of funds available for transfer. Assumed to be zero or positive
creditLimit	AmountString	optional	none	Object representing the maximum amount of credit that is available for this account. Assumed to be zero if absent
amortisedLimit	AmountString	optional	none	Object representing the available limit amortised according to payment schedule. Assumed to be zero if absent
currency	CurrencyString	optional	none	The currency for the balance amounts. If absent assumed to be AUD
purses	[BankingBalancePurse]	optional	none	Optional array of balances for the account in other currencies. Included to support accounts that support multi-currency purses such as Travel Cards
BankingBalancePurse

{
  "amount": "string",
  "currency": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
amount	AmountString	mandatory	none	The balance available for this additional currency purse
currency	CurrencyString	optional	none	The currency for the purse
ResponseBankingPayeeList

{
  "data": {
    "payees": [
      {
        "payeeId": "string",
        "nickname": "string",
        "description": "string",
        "type": "BILLER",
        "creationDate": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» payees	[BankingPayee]	mandatory	none	The list of payees returned
links	LinksPaginated	mandatory	none	none
meta	MetaPaginated	mandatory	none	none
ResponseBankingPayeeById

{
  "data": {
    "payeeId": "string",
    "nickname": "string",
    "description": "string",
    "type": "BILLER",
    "creationDate": "string",
    "payeeUType": "domestic",
    "domestic": {
      "payeeAccountUType": "account",
      "account": {
        "accountName": "string",
        "bsb": "string",
        "accountNumber": "string"
      },
      "card": {
        "cardNumber": "string"
      },
      "payId": {
        "name": "string",
        "identifier": "string",
        "type": "ABN"
      }
    },
    "biller": {
      "billerCode": "string",
      "crn": "string",
      "billerName": "string"
    },
    "international": {
      "beneficiaryDetails": {
        "name": "string",
        "country": "string",
        "message": "string"
      },
      "bankDetails": {
        "country": "string",
        "accountNumber": "string",
        "bankAddress": {
          "name": "string",
          "address": "string"
        },
        "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
        "fedWireNumber": "string",
        "sortCode": "string",
        "chipNumber": "string",
        "routingNumber": "string",
        "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
      }
    }
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	BankingPayeeDetail	mandatory	none	none
links	Links	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
BankingPayee

{
  "payeeId": "string",
  "nickname": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "type": "BILLER",
  "creationDate": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
payeeId	ASCIIString	mandatory	none	ID of the payee adhering to the rules of ID permanence
nickname	string	mandatory	none	The short display name of the payee as provided by the customer. Where a customer has not provided a nickname, a display name derived by the bank for the payee consistent with existing digital banking channels
description	string	optional	none	A description of the payee provided by the customer
type	string	mandatory	none	The type of payee. DOMESTIC means a registered payee for domestic payments including NPP. INTERNATIONAL means a registered payee for international payments. BILLER means a registered payee for BPAY
creationDate	DateString	optional	none	The date the payee was created by the customer
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
type	BILLER
type	DOMESTIC
type	INTERNATIONAL
BankingPayeeDetail

{
  "payeeId": "string",
  "nickname": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "type": "BILLER",
  "creationDate": "string",
  "payeeUType": "domestic",
  "domestic": {
    "payeeAccountUType": "account",
    "account": {
      "accountName": "string",
      "bsb": "string",
      "accountNumber": "string"
    },
    "card": {
      "cardNumber": "string"
    },
    "payId": {
      "name": "string",
      "identifier": "string",
      "type": "ABN"
    }
  },
  "biller": {
    "billerCode": "string",
    "crn": "string",
    "billerName": "string"
  },
  "international": {
    "beneficiaryDetails": {
      "name": "string",
      "country": "string",
      "message": "string"
    },
    "bankDetails": {
      "country": "string",
      "accountNumber": "string",
      "bankAddress": {
        "name": "string",
        "address": "string"
      },
      "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
      "fedWireNumber": "string",
      "sortCode": "string",
      "chipNumber": "string",
      "routingNumber": "string",
      "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
    }
  }
}

Properties
allOf

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	BankingPayee	mandatory	none	none
and

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	object	mandatory	none	none
» payeeUType	string	mandatory	none	Type of object included that describes the payee in detail
» domestic	BankingDomesticPayee	conditional	none	none
» biller	BankingBillerPayee	conditional	none	none
» international	BankingInternationalPayee	conditional	none	none
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
payeeUType	domestic
payeeUType	biller
payeeUType	international
BankingDomesticPayee

{
  "payeeAccountUType": "account",
  "account": {
    "accountName": "string",
    "bsb": "string",
    "accountNumber": "string"
  },
  "card": {
    "cardNumber": "string"
  },
  "payId": {
    "name": "string",
    "identifier": "string",
    "type": "ABN"
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
payeeAccountUType	string	mandatory	none	Type of account object included. Valid values are: account A standard Australian account defined by BSB/Account Number. card A credit or charge card to pay to (note that PANs are masked). payId A PayID recognised by NPP
account	BankingDomesticPayeeAccount	conditional	none	none
card	BankingDomesticPayeeCard	conditional	none	none
payId	BankingDomesticPayeePayId	conditional	none	none
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
payeeAccountUType	account
payeeAccountUType	card
payeeAccountUType	payId
BankingDomesticPayeeAccount

{
  "accountName": "string",
  "bsb": "string",
  "accountNumber": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
accountName	string	optional	none	Name of the account to pay to
bsb	string	mandatory	none	BSB of the account to pay to
accountNumber	string	mandatory	none	Number of the account to pay to
BankingDomesticPayeeCard

{
  "cardNumber": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
cardNumber	MaskedPANString	mandatory	none	Name of the account to pay to
BankingDomesticPayeePayId

{
  "name": "string",
  "identifier": "string",
  "type": "ABN"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
name	string	optional	none	The name assigned to the PayID by the owner of the PayID
identifier	string	mandatory	none	The identifier of the PayID (dependent on type)
type	string	mandatory	none	The type of the PayID
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
type	ABN
type	EMAIL
type	ORG_IDENTIFIER
type	TELEPHONE
BankingBillerPayee

{
  "billerCode": "string",
  "crn": "string",
  "billerName": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
billerCode	string	mandatory	none	BPAY Biller Code of the Biller
crn	string	conditional	none	BPAY CRN of the Biller. If the contents of the CRN match the format of a Credit Card PAN then it should be masked using the rules applicable for the MaskedPANString common type
billerName	string	mandatory	none	Name of the Biller
BankingInternationalPayee

{
  "beneficiaryDetails": {
    "name": "string",
    "country": "string",
    "message": "string"
  },
  "bankDetails": {
    "country": "string",
    "accountNumber": "string",
    "bankAddress": {
      "name": "string",
      "address": "string"
    },
    "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
    "fedWireNumber": "string",
    "sortCode": "string",
    "chipNumber": "string",
    "routingNumber": "string",
    "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
beneficiaryDetails	object	mandatory	none	none
» name	string	optional	none	Name of the beneficiary
» country	ExternalRef	mandatory	none	Country where the beneficiary resides. A valid ISO 3166 Alpha-3 country code
» message	string	optional	none	Response message for the payment
bankDetails	object	mandatory	none	none
» country	ExternalRef	mandatory	none	Country of the recipient institution. A valid ISO 3166 Alpha-3 country code
» accountNumber	string	mandatory	none	Account Targeted for payment
» bankAddress	object	optional	none	none
»» name	string	mandatory	none	Name of the recipient Bank
»» address	string	mandatory	none	Address of the recipient Bank
» beneficiaryBankBIC	ExternalRef	optional	none	Swift bank code. Aligns with standard ISO 9362
» fedWireNumber	string	optional	none	Number for Fedwire payment (Federal Reserve Wire Network)
» sortCode	string	optional	none	Sort code used for account identification in some jurisdictions
» chipNumber	string	optional	none	Number for the Clearing House Interbank Payments System
» routingNumber	string	optional	none	International bank routing number
» legalEntityIdentifier	ExternalRef	optional	none	The legal entity identifier (LEI) for the beneficiary. Aligns with ISO 17442
ResponseBankingDirectDebitAuthorisationList

{
  "data": {
    "directDebitAuthorisations": [
      {
        "accountId": "string",
        "authorisedEntity": {
          "description": "string",
          "financialInstitution": "string",
          "abn": "string",
          "acn": "string",
          "arbn": "string"
        },
        "lastDebitDateTime": "string",
        "lastDebitAmount": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» directDebitAuthorisations	[BankingDirectDebit]	mandatory	none	The list of authorisations returned
links	LinksPaginated	mandatory	none	none
meta	MetaPaginated	mandatory	none	none
BankingDirectDebit

{
  "accountId": "string",
  "authorisedEntity": {
    "description": "string",
    "financialInstitution": "string",
    "abn": "string",
    "acn": "string",
    "arbn": "string"
  },
  "lastDebitDateTime": "string",
  "lastDebitAmount": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
accountId	ASCIIString	mandatory	none	A unique ID of the account adhering to the standards for ID permanence.
authorisedEntity	BankingAuthorisedEntity	mandatory	none	none
lastDebitDateTime	DateTimeString	optional	none	The date and time of the last debit executed under this authorisation
lastDebitAmount	AmountString	optional	none	The amount of the last debit executed under this authorisation
BankingAuthorisedEntity

{
  "description": "string",
  "financialInstitution": "string",
  "abn": "string",
  "acn": "string",
  "arbn": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
description	string	optional	none	Description of the authorised entity derived from previously executed direct debits
financialInstitution	string	optional	none	Name of the financial institution through which the direct debit will be executed. Is required unless the payment is made via a credit card scheme
abn	string	optional	none	Australian Business Number for the authorised entity
acn	string	optional	none	Australian Company Number for the authorised entity
arbn	string	optional	none	Australian Registered Body Number for the authorised entity
ResponseBankingScheduledPaymentsList

{
  "data": {
    "scheduledPayments": [
      {
        "scheduledPaymentId": "string",
        "nickname": "string",
        "payerReference": "string",
        "payeeReference": "string",
        "status": "ACTIVE",
        "from": {
          "accountId": "string"
        },
        "paymentSet": [
          {
            "to": {
              "toUType": "accountId",
              "accountId": "string",
              "payeeId": "string",
              "domestic": {
                "payeeAccountUType": "account",
                "account": {
                  "accountName": "string",
                  "bsb": "string",
                  "accountNumber": "string"
                },
                "card": {
                  "cardNumber": "string"
                },
                "payId": {
                  "name": "string",
                  "identifier": "string",
                  "type": "ABN"
                }
              },
              "biller": {
                "billerCode": "string",
                "crn": "string",
                "billerName": "string"
              },
              "international": {
                "beneficiaryDetails": {
                  "name": "string",
                  "country": "string",
                  "message": "string"
                },
                "bankDetails": {
                  "country": "string",
                  "accountNumber": "string",
                  "bankAddress": {
                    "name": "string",
                    "address": "string"
                  },
                  "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
                  "fedWireNumber": "string",
                  "sortCode": "string",
                  "chipNumber": "string",
                  "routingNumber": "string",
                  "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
                }
              }
            },
            "isAmountCalculated": true,
            "amount": "string",
            "currency": "string"
          }
        ],
        "recurrence": {
          "nextPaymentDate": "string",
          "recurrenceUType": "onceOff",
          "onceOff": {
            "paymentDate": "string"
          },
          "intervalSchedule": {
            "finalPaymentDate": "string",
            "paymentsRemaining": 0,
            "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON",
            "intervals": [
              {
                "interval": "string",
                "dayInInterval": "string"
              }
            ]
          },
          "lastWeekDay": {
            "finalPaymentDate": "string",
            "paymentsRemaining": 0,
            "interval": "string",
            "lastWeekDay": "MON",
            "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON"
          },
          "eventBased": {
            "description": "string"
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string",
    "first": "string",
    "prev": "string",
    "next": "string",
    "last": "string"
  },
  "meta": {
    "totalRecords": 0,
    "totalPages": 0
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» scheduledPayments	[BankingScheduledPayment]	mandatory	none	The list of scheduled payments to return
links	LinksPaginated	mandatory	none	none
meta	MetaPaginated	mandatory	none	none
BankingScheduledPayment

{
  "scheduledPaymentId": "string",
  "nickname": "string",
  "payerReference": "string",
  "payeeReference": "string",
  "status": "ACTIVE",
  "from": {
    "accountId": "string"
  },
  "paymentSet": [
    {
      "to": {
        "toUType": "accountId",
        "accountId": "string",
        "payeeId": "string",
        "domestic": {
          "payeeAccountUType": "account",
          "account": {
            "accountName": "string",
            "bsb": "string",
            "accountNumber": "string"
          },
          "card": {
            "cardNumber": "string"
          },
          "payId": {
            "name": "string",
            "identifier": "string",
            "type": "ABN"
          }
        },
        "biller": {
          "billerCode": "string",
          "crn": "string",
          "billerName": "string"
        },
        "international": {
          "beneficiaryDetails": {
            "name": "string",
            "country": "string",
            "message": "string"
          },
          "bankDetails": {
            "country": "string",
            "accountNumber": "string",
            "bankAddress": {
              "name": "string",
              "address": "string"
            },
            "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
            "fedWireNumber": "string",
            "sortCode": "string",
            "chipNumber": "string",
            "routingNumber": "string",
            "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
          }
        }
      },
      "isAmountCalculated": true,
      "amount": "string",
      "currency": "string"
    }
  ],
  "recurrence": {
    "nextPaymentDate": "string",
    "recurrenceUType": "onceOff",
    "onceOff": {
      "paymentDate": "string"
    },
    "intervalSchedule": {
      "finalPaymentDate": "string",
      "paymentsRemaining": 0,
      "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON",
      "intervals": [
        {
          "interval": "string",
          "dayInInterval": "string"
        }
      ]
    },
    "lastWeekDay": {
      "finalPaymentDate": "string",
      "paymentsRemaining": 0,
      "interval": "string",
      "lastWeekDay": "MON",
      "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON"
    },
    "eventBased": {
      "description": "string"
    }
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
scheduledPaymentId	ASCIIString	mandatory	none	A unique ID of the scheduled payment adhering to the standards for ID permanence
nickname	string	optional	none	The short display name of the payee as provided by the customer
payerReference	string	mandatory	none	The reference for the transaction that will be used by the originating institution for the purposes of constructing a statement narrative on the payer’s account. Empty string if no data provided
payeeReference	string	mandatory	none	The reference for the transaction that will be provided by the originating institution. Empty string if no data provided
status	string	mandatory	none	Indicates whether the schedule is currently active. The value SKIP is equivalent to ACTIVE except that the customer has requested the next normal occurrence to be skipped.
from	BankingScheduledPaymentFrom	mandatory	none	Object containing details of the source of the payment. Currently only specifies an account ID but provided as an object to facilitate future extensibility and consistency with the to object
paymentSet	[BankingScheduledPaymentSet]	mandatory	none	[The set of payment amounts and destination accounts for this payment accommodating multi-part payments. A single entry indicates a simple payment with one destination account. Must have at least one entry]
recurrence	BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrence	mandatory	none	Object containing the detail of the schedule for the payment
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
status	ACTIVE
status	INACTIVE
status	SKIP
BankingScheduledPaymentSet

{
  "to": {
    "toUType": "accountId",
    "accountId": "string",
    "payeeId": "string",
    "domestic": {
      "payeeAccountUType": "account",
      "account": {
        "accountName": "string",
        "bsb": "string",
        "accountNumber": "string"
      },
      "card": {
        "cardNumber": "string"
      },
      "payId": {
        "name": "string",
        "identifier": "string",
        "type": "ABN"
      }
    },
    "biller": {
      "billerCode": "string",
      "crn": "string",
      "billerName": "string"
    },
    "international": {
      "beneficiaryDetails": {
        "name": "string",
        "country": "string",
        "message": "string"
      },
      "bankDetails": {
        "country": "string",
        "accountNumber": "string",
        "bankAddress": {
          "name": "string",
          "address": "string"
        },
        "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
        "fedWireNumber": "string",
        "sortCode": "string",
        "chipNumber": "string",
        "routingNumber": "string",
        "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
      }
    }
  },
  "isAmountCalculated": true,
  "amount": "string",
  "currency": "string"
}

The set of payment amounts and destination accounts for this payment accommodating multi-part payments. A single entry indicates a simple payment with one destination account. Must have at least one entry

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
to	BankingScheduledPaymentTo	mandatory	none	Object containing details of the destination of the payment. Used to specify a variety of payment destination types
isAmountCalculated	Boolean	optional	none	Flag indicating whether the amount of the payment is calculated based on the context of the event. For instance a payment to reduce the balance of a credit card to zero. If absent then false is assumed
amount	AmountString	conditional	none	The amount of the next payment if known. Mandatory unless the isAmountCalculated field is set to true. Must be zero or positive if present
currency	CurrencyString	optional	none	The currency for the payment. AUD assumed if not present
BankingScheduledPaymentTo

{
  "toUType": "accountId",
  "accountId": "string",
  "payeeId": "string",
  "domestic": {
    "payeeAccountUType": "account",
    "account": {
      "accountName": "string",
      "bsb": "string",
      "accountNumber": "string"
    },
    "card": {
      "cardNumber": "string"
    },
    "payId": {
      "name": "string",
      "identifier": "string",
      "type": "ABN"
    }
  },
  "biller": {
    "billerCode": "string",
    "crn": "string",
    "billerName": "string"
  },
  "international": {
    "beneficiaryDetails": {
      "name": "string",
      "country": "string",
      "message": "string"
    },
    "bankDetails": {
      "country": "string",
      "accountNumber": "string",
      "bankAddress": {
        "name": "string",
        "address": "string"
      },
      "beneficiaryBankBIC": "string",
      "fedWireNumber": "string",
      "sortCode": "string",
      "chipNumber": "string",
      "routingNumber": "string",
      "legalEntityIdentifier": "string"
    }
  }
}

Object containing details of the destination of the payment. Used to specify a variety of payment destination types

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
toUType	string	mandatory	none	The type of object provided that specifies the destination of the funds for the payment.
accountId	ASCIIString	conditional	none	Present if toUType is set to accountId. Indicates that the payment is to another account that is accessible under the current consent
payeeId	ASCIIString	conditional	none	Present if toUType is set to payeeId. Indicates that the payment is to registered payee that can be accessed using the payee end point. If the Bank Payees scope has not been consented to then a payeeId should not be provided and the full payee details should be provided instead
domestic	BankingDomesticPayee	conditional	none	none
biller	BankingBillerPayee	conditional	none	none
international	BankingInternationalPayee	conditional	none	none
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
toUType	accountId
toUType	payeeId
toUType	domestic
toUType	biller
toUType	international
BankingScheduledPaymentFrom

{
  "accountId": "string"
}

Object containing details of the source of the payment. Currently only specifies an account ID but provided as an object to facilitate future extensibility and consistency with the to object

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
accountId	ASCIIString	mandatory	none	ID of the account that is the source of funds for the payment
BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrence

{
  "nextPaymentDate": "string",
  "recurrenceUType": "onceOff",
  "onceOff": {
    "paymentDate": "string"
  },
  "intervalSchedule": {
    "finalPaymentDate": "string",
    "paymentsRemaining": 0,
    "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON",
    "intervals": [
      {
        "interval": "string",
        "dayInInterval": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "lastWeekDay": {
    "finalPaymentDate": "string",
    "paymentsRemaining": 0,
    "interval": "string",
    "lastWeekDay": "MON",
    "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON"
  },
  "eventBased": {
    "description": "string"
  }
}

Object containing the detail of the schedule for the payment

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
nextPaymentDate	DateString	optional	none	The date of the next payment under the recurrence schedule
recurrenceUType	string	mandatory	none	The type of recurrence used to define the schedule
onceOff	BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrenceOnceOff	conditional	none	Indicates that the payment is a once off payment on a specific future date. Mandatory if recurrenceUType is set to onceOff
intervalSchedule	BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrenceIntervalSchedule	conditional	none	Indicates that the schedule of payments is defined by a series of intervals. Mandatory if recurrenceUType is set to intervalSchedule
lastWeekDay	BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrenceLastWeekday	conditional	none	Indicates that the schedule of payments is defined according to the last occurrence of a specific weekday in an interval. Mandatory if recurrenceUType is set to lastWeekDay
eventBased	BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrenceEventBased	conditional	none	Indicates that the schedule of payments is defined according to an external event that cannot be predetermined. Mandatory if recurrenceUType is set to eventBased
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
recurrenceUType	onceOff
recurrenceUType	intervalSchedule
recurrenceUType	lastWeekDay
recurrenceUType	eventBased
BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrenceOnceOff

{
  "paymentDate": "string"
}

Indicates that the payment is a once off payment on a specific future date. Mandatory if recurrenceUType is set to onceOff

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
paymentDate	DateString	mandatory	none	The scheduled date for the once off payment
BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrenceIntervalSchedule

{
  "finalPaymentDate": "string",
  "paymentsRemaining": 0,
  "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON",
  "intervals": [
    {
      "interval": "string",
      "dayInInterval": "string"
    }
  ]
}

Indicates that the schedule of payments is defined by a series of intervals. Mandatory if recurrenceUType is set to intervalSchedule

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
finalPaymentDate	DateString	optional	none	The limit date after which no more payments should be made using this schedule. If both finalPaymentDate and paymentsRemaining are present then payments will stop according to the most constraining value. If neither field is present the payments will continue indefinitely
paymentsRemaining	PositiveInteger	optional	none	Indicates the number of payments remaining in the schedule. If both finalPaymentDate and paymentsRemaining are present then payments will stop according to the most constraining value, If neither field is present the payments will continue indefinitely
nonBusinessDayTreatment	string	optional	none	Enumerated field giving the treatment where a scheduled payment date is not a business day. If absent assumed to be ON.
AFTER - If a scheduled payment date is a non-business day the payment will be made on the first business day after the scheduled payment date.
BEFORE - If a scheduled payment date is a non-business day the payment will be made on the first business day before the scheduled payment date.
ON - If a scheduled payment date is a non-business day the payment will be made on that day regardless.
ONLY - Payments only occur on business days. If a scheduled payment date is a non-business day the payment will be ignored
intervals	[BankingScheduledPaymentInterval]	mandatory	none	An array of interval objects defining the payment schedule. Each entry in the array is additive, in that it adds payments to the overall payment schedule. If multiple intervals result in a payment on the same day then only one payment will be made. Must have at least one entry
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
nonBusinessDayTreatment	AFTER
nonBusinessDayTreatment	BEFORE
nonBusinessDayTreatment	ON
nonBusinessDayTreatment	ONLY
BankingScheduledPaymentInterval

{
  "interval": "string",
  "dayInInterval": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
interval	ExternalRef	mandatory	none	An interval for the payment. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations (excludes recurrence syntax) with components less than a day in length ignored. This duration defines the period between payments starting with nextPaymentDate
dayInInterval	ExternalRef	optional	none	Uses an interval to define the ordinal day within the interval defined by the interval field on which the payment occurs. If the resulting duration is 0 days in length or larger than the number of days in the interval then the payment will occur on the last day of the interval. A duration of 1 day indicates the first day of the interval. If absent the assumed value is P1D. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations (excludes recurrence syntax) with components less than a day in length ignored. The first day of a week is considered to be Monday.
BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrenceLastWeekday

{
  "finalPaymentDate": "string",
  "paymentsRemaining": 0,
  "interval": "string",
  "lastWeekDay": "MON",
  "nonBusinessDayTreatment": "ON"
}

Indicates that the schedule of payments is defined according to the last occurrence of a specific weekday in an interval. Mandatory if recurrenceUType is set to lastWeekDay

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
finalPaymentDate	DateString	optional	none	The limit date after which no more payments should be made using this schedule. If both finalPaymentDate and paymentsRemaining are present then payments will stop according to the most constraining value. If neither field is present the payments will continue indefinitely
paymentsRemaining	PositiveInteger	optional	none	Indicates the number of payments remaining in the schedule. If both finalPaymentDate and paymentsRemaining are present then payments will stop according to the most constraining value. If neither field is present the payments will continue indefinitely
interval	ExternalRef	mandatory	none	The interval for the payment. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations (excludes recurrence syntax) with components less than a day in length ignored. This duration defines the period between payments starting with nextPaymentDate
lastWeekDay	string	mandatory	none	The weekDay specified. The payment will occur on the last occurrence of this weekday in the interval.
nonBusinessDayTreatment	string	optional	none	Enumerated field giving the treatment where a scheduled payment date is not a business day. If absent assumed to be ON.
AFTER - If a scheduled payment date is a non-business day the payment will be made on the first business day after the scheduled payment date.
BEFORE - If a scheduled payment date is a non-business day the payment will be made on the first business day before the scheduled payment date.
ON - If a scheduled payment date is a non-business day the payment will be made on that day regardless.
ONLY - Payments only occur on business days. If a scheduled payment date is a non-business day the payment will be ignored
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
lastWeekDay	MON
lastWeekDay	TUE
lastWeekDay	WED
lastWeekDay	THU
lastWeekDay	FRI
lastWeekDay	SAT
lastWeekDay	SUN
nonBusinessDayTreatment	AFTER
nonBusinessDayTreatment	BEFORE
nonBusinessDayTreatment	ON
nonBusinessDayTreatment	ONLY
BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrenceEventBased

{
  "description": "string"
}

Indicates that the schedule of payments is defined according to an external event that cannot be predetermined. Mandatory if recurrenceUType is set to eventBased

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
description	string	mandatory	none	Description of the event and conditions that will result in the payment. Expected to be formatted for display to a customer
ResponseCommonDiscoveryStatus

{
  "data": {
    "status": "OK",
    "explanation": "string",
    "detectionTime": "string",
    "expectedResolutionTime": "string",
    "updateTime": "string"
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» status	string	mandatory	none	Enumeration with values. OK (implementation is fully functional). PARTIAL_FAILURE (one or more end points are unexpectedly unavailable). UNAVAILABLE (the full implementation is unexpectedly unavailable). SCHEDULED_OUTAGE (an advertised outage is in effect)
» explanation	string	conditional	none	Provides an explanation of the current outage that can be displayed to an end customer. Mandatory if the status property is any value other than OK
» detectionTime	DateTimeString	optional	none	The date and time that the current outage was detected. Should only be present if the status property is PARTIAL_FAILURE or UNAVAILABLE
» expectedResolutionTime	DateTimeString	optional	none	The date and time that full service is expected to resume (if known). Should not be present if the status property has a value of OK.
» updateTime	DateTimeString	mandatory	none	The date and time that this status was last updated by the Data Holder.
links	Links	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
status	OK
status	PARTIAL_FAILURE
status	SCHEDULED_OUTAGE
status	UNAVAILABLE
ResponseDiscoveryOutagesList

{
  "data": {
    "outages": [
      {
        "outageTime": "string",
        "duration": "string",
        "isPartial": true,
        "explanation": "string"
      }
    ]
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» outages	[DiscoveryOutage]	mandatory	none	List of scheduled outages. Property is mandatory but may contain and empty list if no outages are scheduled
links	Links	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
DiscoveryOutage

{
  "outageTime": "string",
  "duration": "string",
  "isPartial": true,
  "explanation": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
outageTime	DateTimeString	mandatory	none	Date and time that the outage is scheduled to begin
duration	ExternalRef	mandatory	none	Planned duration of the outage. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations (excludes recurrence syntax)
isPartial	Boolean	optional	none	Flag that indicates, if present and set to true, that the outage is only partial meaning that only a subset of normally available end points will be affected by the outage
explanation	string	mandatory	none	Provides an explanation of the current outage that can be displayed to an end customer
ResponseCommonCustomer

{
  "data": {
    "customerUType": "person",
    "person": {
      "lastUpdateTime": "string",
      "firstName": "string",
      "lastName": "string",
      "middleNames": [
        "string"
      ],
      "prefix": "string",
      "suffix": "string",
      "occupationCode": "string",
      "occupationCodeVersion": "ANZSCO_1220.0_2013_V1.2"
    },
    "organisation": {
      "lastUpdateTime": "string",
      "agentFirstName": "string",
      "agentLastName": "string",
      "agentRole": "string",
      "businessName": "string",
      "legalName": "string",
      "shortName": "string",
      "abn": "string",
      "acn": "string",
      "isACNCRegistered": true,
      "industryCode": "string",
      "industryCodeVersion": "ANZSIC_1292.0_2006_V2.0",
      "organisationType": "COMPANY",
      "registeredCountry": "string",
      "establishmentDate": "string"
    }
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» customerUType	string	mandatory	none	The type of customer object that is present
» person	CommonPerson	optional	none	none
» organisation	CommonOrganisation	optional	none	none
links	Links	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
customerUType	person
customerUType	organisation
ResponseCommonCustomerDetail

{
  "data": {
    "customerUType": "person",
    "person": {
      "lastUpdateTime": "string",
      "firstName": "string",
      "lastName": "string",
      "middleNames": [
        "string"
      ],
      "prefix": "string",
      "suffix": "string",
      "occupationCode": "string",
      "occupationCodeVersion": "ANZSCO_1220.0_2013_V1.2",
      "phoneNumbers": [
        {
          "isPreferred": true,
          "purpose": "MOBILE",
          "countryCode": "string",
          "areaCode": "string",
          "number": "string",
          "extension": "string",
          "fullNumber": "string"
        }
      ],
      "emailAddresses": [
        {
          "isPreferred": true,
          "purpose": "WORK",
          "address": "string"
        }
      ],
      "physicalAddresses": [
        {
          "addressUType": "simple",
          "simple": {
            "mailingName": "string",
            "addressLine1": "string",
            "addressLine2": "string",
            "addressLine3": "string",
            "postcode": "string",
            "city": "string",
            "state": "string",
            "country": "AUS"
          },
          "paf": {
            "dpid": "string",
            "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
            "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
            "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
            "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
            "flatUnitType": "string",
            "flatUnitNumber": "string",
            "floorLevelType": "string",
            "floorLevelNumber": "string",
            "lotNumber": "string",
            "buildingName1": "string",
            "buildingName2": "string",
            "streetName": "string",
            "streetType": "string",
            "streetSuffix": "string",
            "postalDeliveryType": "string",
            "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
            "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
            "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
            "localityName": "string",
            "postcode": "string",
            "state": "string"
          },
          "purpose": "MAIL"
        }
      ]
    },
    "organisation": {
      "lastUpdateTime": "string",
      "agentFirstName": "string",
      "agentLastName": "string",
      "agentRole": "string",
      "businessName": "string",
      "legalName": "string",
      "shortName": "string",
      "abn": "string",
      "acn": "string",
      "isACNCRegistered": true,
      "industryCode": "string",
      "industryCodeVersion": "ANZSIC_1292.0_2006_V2.0",
      "organisationType": "COMPANY",
      "registeredCountry": "string",
      "establishmentDate": "string",
      "physicalAddresses": [
        {
          "addressUType": "simple",
          "simple": {
            "mailingName": "string",
            "addressLine1": "string",
            "addressLine2": "string",
            "addressLine3": "string",
            "postcode": "string",
            "city": "string",
            "state": "string",
            "country": "AUS"
          },
          "paf": {
            "dpid": "string",
            "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
            "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
            "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
            "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
            "flatUnitType": "string",
            "flatUnitNumber": "string",
            "floorLevelType": "string",
            "floorLevelNumber": "string",
            "lotNumber": "string",
            "buildingName1": "string",
            "buildingName2": "string",
            "streetName": "string",
            "streetType": "string",
            "streetSuffix": "string",
            "postalDeliveryType": "string",
            "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
            "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
            "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
            "localityName": "string",
            "postcode": "string",
            "state": "string"
          },
          "purpose": "MAIL"
        }
      ]
    }
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» customerUType	string	mandatory	none	The type of customer object that is present
» person	CommonPersonDetail	optional	none	none
» organisation	CommonOrganisationDetail	optional	none	none
links	Links	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
customerUType	person
customerUType	organisation
CommonPerson

{
  "lastUpdateTime": "string",
  "firstName": "string",
  "lastName": "string",
  "middleNames": [
    "string"
  ],
  "prefix": "string",
  "suffix": "string",
  "occupationCode": "string",
  "occupationCodeVersion": "ANZSCO_1220.0_2013_V1.2"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
lastUpdateTime	DateTimeString	optional	none	The date and time that this record was last updated by the customer. If no update has occurred then this date should reflect the initial creation date for the data
firstName	string	optional	none	For people with single names this field need not be present. The single name should be in the lastName field
lastName	string	mandatory	none	For people with single names the single name should be in this field
middleNames	[string]	mandatory	none	Field is mandatory but array may be empty
prefix	string	optional	none	Also known as title or salutation. The prefix to the name (e.g. Mr, Mrs, Ms, Miss, Sir, etc)
suffix	string	optional	none	Used for a trailing suffix to the name (e.g. Jr)
occupationCode	ExternalRef	optional	none	Value is a valid ANZSCO Standard Occupation classification code. If the occupation code held by the data holder is not one of the supported ANZSCO versions, then it must not be supplied.
occupationCodeVersion	string	conditional	none	The applicable ANZSCO release version of the occupation code provided. Mandatory if an occupationCode is supplied. If occupationCode is supplied but occupationCodeVersion is absent, default is ANZSCO_1220.0_2013_V1.2
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
occupationCodeVersion	ANZSCO_1220.0_2013_V1.3
occupationCodeVersion	ANZSCO_1220.0_2013_V1.2
occupationCodeVersion	ANZSCO_1220.0_2006_V1.1
occupationCodeVersion	ANZSCO_1220.0_2006_V1.0
CommonPersonDetail

{
  "lastUpdateTime": "string",
  "firstName": "string",
  "lastName": "string",
  "middleNames": [
    "string"
  ],
  "prefix": "string",
  "suffix": "string",
  "occupationCode": "string",
  "occupationCodeVersion": "ANZSCO_1220.0_2013_V1.2",
  "phoneNumbers": [
    {
      "isPreferred": true,
      "purpose": "MOBILE",
      "countryCode": "string",
      "areaCode": "string",
      "number": "string",
      "extension": "string",
      "fullNumber": "string"
    }
  ],
  "emailAddresses": [
    {
      "isPreferred": true,
      "purpose": "WORK",
      "address": "string"
    }
  ],
  "physicalAddresses": [
    {
      "addressUType": "simple",
      "simple": {
        "mailingName": "string",
        "addressLine1": "string",
        "addressLine2": "string",
        "addressLine3": "string",
        "postcode": "string",
        "city": "string",
        "state": "string",
        "country": "AUS"
      },
      "paf": {
        "dpid": "string",
        "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
        "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
        "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
        "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
        "flatUnitType": "string",
        "flatUnitNumber": "string",
        "floorLevelType": "string",
        "floorLevelNumber": "string",
        "lotNumber": "string",
        "buildingName1": "string",
        "buildingName2": "string",
        "streetName": "string",
        "streetType": "string",
        "streetSuffix": "string",
        "postalDeliveryType": "string",
        "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
        "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
        "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
        "localityName": "string",
        "postcode": "string",
        "state": "string"
      },
      "purpose": "MAIL"
    }
  ]
}

Properties
allOf

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	CommonPerson	mandatory	none	none
and

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	object	mandatory	none	none
» phoneNumbers	[CommonPhoneNumber]	mandatory	none	Array is mandatory but may be empty if no phone numbers are held
» emailAddresses	[CommonEmailAddress]	mandatory	none	May be empty
» physicalAddresses	[CommonPhysicalAddressWithPurpose]	mandatory	none	Must contain at least one address. One and only one address may have the purpose of REGISTERED. Zero or one, and no more than one, record may have the purpose of MAIL. If zero then the REGISTERED address is to be used for mail
CommonOrganisation

{
  "lastUpdateTime": "string",
  "agentFirstName": "string",
  "agentLastName": "string",
  "agentRole": "string",
  "businessName": "string",
  "legalName": "string",
  "shortName": "string",
  "abn": "string",
  "acn": "string",
  "isACNCRegistered": true,
  "industryCode": "string",
  "industryCodeVersion": "ANZSIC_1292.0_2006_V2.0",
  "organisationType": "COMPANY",
  "registeredCountry": "string",
  "establishmentDate": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
lastUpdateTime	DateTimeString	optional	none	The date and time that this record was last updated by the customer. If no update has occurred then this date should reflect the initial creation date for the data
agentFirstName	string	optional	none	The first name of the individual providing access on behalf of the organisation. For people with single names this field need not be present. The single name should be in the lastName field
agentLastName	string	mandatory	none	The last name of the individual providing access on behalf of the organisation. For people with single names the single name should be in this field
agentRole	string	mandatory	none	The role of the individual identified as the agent who is providing authorisation. Expected to be used for display. Default to Unspecified if the role is not known
businessName	string	mandatory	none	Name of the organisation
legalName	string	optional	none	Legal name, if different to the business name
shortName	string	optional	none	Short name used for communication, if different to the business name
abn	string	optional	none	Australian Business Number for the organisation
acn	string	optional	none	Australian Company Number for the organisation. Required only if an ACN is applicable for the organisation type
isACNCRegistered	Boolean	optional	none	True if registered with the ACNC. False if not. Absent or null if not confirmed.
industryCode	ExternalRef	optional	none	A valid ANZSIC code for the organisation. If the industry code held by the data holder is not one of the supported ANZSIC versions, then it must not be supplied.
industryCodeVersion	string	conditional	none	The applicable ANZSIC release version of the industry code provided. Should only be supplied if industryCode is also supplied. If industryCode is supplied but industryCodeVersion is absent, default is ANZSIC_1292.0_2006_V2.0
organisationType	string	mandatory	none	Legal organisation type
registeredCountry	ExternalRef	optional	none	Enumeration with values from ISO 3166 Alpha-3 country codes. Assumed to be AUS if absent
establishmentDate	DateString	optional	none	The date the organisation described was established
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
industryCodeVersion	ANZSIC_1292.0_2006_V2.0
industryCodeVersion	ANZSIC_1292.0_2006_V1.0
organisationType	COMPANY
organisationType	GOVERNMENT_ENTITY
organisationType	PARTNERSHIP
organisationType	SOLE_TRADER
organisationType	TRUST
organisationType	OTHER
CommonOrganisationDetail

{
  "lastUpdateTime": "string",
  "agentFirstName": "string",
  "agentLastName": "string",
  "agentRole": "string",
  "businessName": "string",
  "legalName": "string",
  "shortName": "string",
  "abn": "string",
  "acn": "string",
  "isACNCRegistered": true,
  "industryCode": "string",
  "industryCodeVersion": "ANZSIC_1292.0_2006_V2.0",
  "organisationType": "COMPANY",
  "registeredCountry": "string",
  "establishmentDate": "string",
  "physicalAddresses": [
    {
      "addressUType": "simple",
      "simple": {
        "mailingName": "string",
        "addressLine1": "string",
        "addressLine2": "string",
        "addressLine3": "string",
        "postcode": "string",
        "city": "string",
        "state": "string",
        "country": "AUS"
      },
      "paf": {
        "dpid": "string",
        "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
        "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
        "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
        "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
        "flatUnitType": "string",
        "flatUnitNumber": "string",
        "floorLevelType": "string",
        "floorLevelNumber": "string",
        "lotNumber": "string",
        "buildingName1": "string",
        "buildingName2": "string",
        "streetName": "string",
        "streetType": "string",
        "streetSuffix": "string",
        "postalDeliveryType": "string",
        "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
        "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
        "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
        "localityName": "string",
        "postcode": "string",
        "state": "string"
      },
      "purpose": "MAIL"
    }
  ]
}

Properties
allOf

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	CommonOrganisation	mandatory	none	none
and

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	object	mandatory	none	none
» physicalAddresses	[CommonPhysicalAddressWithPurpose]	mandatory	none	Must contain at least one address. One and only one address may have the purpose of REGISTERED. Zero or one, and no more than one, record may have the purpose of MAIL. If zero then the REGISTERED address is to be used for mail
CommonPhoneNumber

{
  "isPreferred": true,
  "purpose": "MOBILE",
  "countryCode": "string",
  "areaCode": "string",
  "number": "string",
  "extension": "string",
  "fullNumber": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
isPreferred	Boolean	optional	none	May be true for one and only one entry to indicate the preferred phone number. Assumed to be 'false' if not present
purpose	string	mandatory	none	The purpose of the number as specified by the customer
countryCode	string	optional	none	If absent, assumed to be Australia (+61). The + should be included
areaCode	string	conditional	none	Required for non Mobile Phones, if field is present and refers to Australian code - the leading 0 should be omitted.
number	string	mandatory	none	The actual phone number, with leading zeros as appropriate
extension	string	optional	none	An extension number (if applicable)
fullNumber	ExternalRef	mandatory	none	Fully formatted phone number with country code, area code, number and extension incorporated. Formatted according to section 5.1.4. of RFC 3966
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
purpose	MOBILE
purpose	HOME
purpose	INTERNATIONAL
purpose	WORK
purpose	OTHER
purpose	UNSPECIFIED
CommonEmailAddress

{
  "isPreferred": true,
  "purpose": "WORK",
  "address": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
isPreferred	Boolean	optional	none	May be true for one and only one email record in the collection. Denotes the default email address
purpose	string	mandatory	none	The purpose for the email, as specified by the customer (Enumeration)
address	ExternalRef	mandatory	none	A correctly formatted email address, as defined by the addr_spec format in RFC 5322
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
purpose	WORK
purpose	HOME
purpose	OTHER
purpose	UNSPECIFIED
CommonPhysicalAddressWithPurpose

{
  "addressUType": "simple",
  "simple": {
    "mailingName": "string",
    "addressLine1": "string",
    "addressLine2": "string",
    "addressLine3": "string",
    "postcode": "string",
    "city": "string",
    "state": "string",
    "country": "AUS"
  },
  "paf": {
    "dpid": "string",
    "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
    "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
    "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
    "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
    "flatUnitType": "string",
    "flatUnitNumber": "string",
    "floorLevelType": "string",
    "floorLevelNumber": "string",
    "lotNumber": "string",
    "buildingName1": "string",
    "buildingName2": "string",
    "streetName": "string",
    "streetType": "string",
    "streetSuffix": "string",
    "postalDeliveryType": "string",
    "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
    "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
    "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
    "localityName": "string",
    "postcode": "string",
    "state": "string"
  },
  "purpose": "MAIL"
}

Properties
allOf

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	CommonPhysicalAddress	mandatory	none	none
and

Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	object	mandatory	none	none
» purpose	string	mandatory	none	Enumeration of values indicating the purpose of the physical address
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
purpose	MAIL
purpose	PHYSICAL
purpose	REGISTERED
purpose	WORK
purpose	OTHER
CommonPhysicalAddress

{
  "addressUType": "simple",
  "simple": {
    "mailingName": "string",
    "addressLine1": "string",
    "addressLine2": "string",
    "addressLine3": "string",
    "postcode": "string",
    "city": "string",
    "state": "string",
    "country": "AUS"
  },
  "paf": {
    "dpid": "string",
    "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
    "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
    "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
    "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
    "flatUnitType": "string",
    "flatUnitNumber": "string",
    "floorLevelType": "string",
    "floorLevelNumber": "string",
    "lotNumber": "string",
    "buildingName1": "string",
    "buildingName2": "string",
    "streetName": "string",
    "streetType": "string",
    "streetSuffix": "string",
    "postalDeliveryType": "string",
    "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
    "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
    "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
    "localityName": "string",
    "postcode": "string",
    "state": "string"
  }
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
addressUType	string	mandatory	none	The type of address object present
simple	CommonSimpleAddress	conditional	none	none
paf	CommonPAFAddress	conditional	none	Australian address formatted according to the file format defined by the PAF file format
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
addressUType	simple
addressUType	paf
CommonSimpleAddress

{
  "mailingName": "string",
  "addressLine1": "string",
  "addressLine2": "string",
  "addressLine3": "string",
  "postcode": "string",
  "city": "string",
  "state": "string",
  "country": "AUS"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
mailingName	string	optional	none	Name of the individual or business formatted for inclusion in an address used for physical mail
addressLine1	string	mandatory	none	First line of the standard address object
addressLine2	string	optional	none	Second line of the standard address object
addressLine3	string	optional	none	Third line of the standard address object
postcode	string	conditional	none	Mandatory for Australian addresses
city	string	mandatory	none	Name of the city or locality
state	string	mandatory	none	Free text if the country is not Australia. If country is Australia then must be one of the values defined by the State Type Abbreviation in the PAF file format. NSW, QLD, VIC, NT, WA, SA, TAS, ACT, AAT
country	ExternalRef	optional	none	A valid ISO 3166 Alpha-3 country code. Australia (AUS) is assumed if country is not present.
CommonPAFAddress

{
  "dpid": "string",
  "thoroughfareNumber1": 0,
  "thoroughfareNumber1Suffix": "string",
  "thoroughfareNumber2": 0,
  "thoroughfareNumber2Suffix": "string",
  "flatUnitType": "string",
  "flatUnitNumber": "string",
  "floorLevelType": "string",
  "floorLevelNumber": "string",
  "lotNumber": "string",
  "buildingName1": "string",
  "buildingName2": "string",
  "streetName": "string",
  "streetType": "string",
  "streetSuffix": "string",
  "postalDeliveryType": "string",
  "postalDeliveryNumber": 0,
  "postalDeliveryNumberPrefix": "string",
  "postalDeliveryNumberSuffix": "string",
  "localityName": "string",
  "postcode": "string",
  "state": "string"
}

Australian address formatted according to the file format defined by the PAF file format

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
dpid	string	optional	none	Unique identifier for an address as defined by Australia Post. Also known as Delivery Point Identifier
thoroughfareNumber1	PositiveInteger	optional	none	Thoroughfare number for a property (first number in a property ranged address)
thoroughfareNumber1Suffix	string	optional	none	Suffix for the thoroughfare number. Only relevant is thoroughfareNumber1 is populated
thoroughfareNumber2	PositiveInteger	optional	none	Second thoroughfare number (only used if the property has a ranged address eg 23-25)
thoroughfareNumber2Suffix	string	optional	none	Suffix for the second thoroughfare number. Only relevant is thoroughfareNumber2 is populated
flatUnitType	string	optional	none	Type of flat or unit for the address
flatUnitNumber	string	optional	none	Unit number (including suffix, if applicable)
floorLevelType	string	optional	none	Type of floor or level for the address
floorLevelNumber	string	optional	none	Floor or level number (including alpha characters)
lotNumber	string	optional	none	Allotment number for the address
buildingName1	string	optional	none	Building/Property name 1
buildingName2	string	optional	none	Building/Property name 2
streetName	string	optional	none	The name of the street
streetType	string	optional	none	The street type. Valid enumeration defined by Australia Post PAF code file
streetSuffix	string	optional	none	The street type suffix. Valid enumeration defined by Australia Post PAF code file
postalDeliveryType	string	optional	none	Postal delivery type. (eg. PO BOX). Valid enumeration defined by Australia Post PAF code file
postalDeliveryNumber	PositiveInteger	optional	none	Postal delivery number if the address is a postal delivery type
postalDeliveryNumberPrefix	string	optional	none	Postal delivery number prefix related to the postal delivery number
postalDeliveryNumberSuffix	string	optional	none	Postal delivery number suffix related to the postal delivery number
localityName	string	mandatory	none	Full name of locality
postcode	string	mandatory	none	Postcode for the locality
state	string	mandatory	none	State in which the address belongs. Valid enumeration defined by Australia Post PAF code file State Type Abbreviation. NSW, QLD, VIC, NT, WA, SA, TAS, ACT, AAT
Links

{
  "self": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
self	URIString	mandatory	none	Fully qualified link that generated the current response document
Meta

{}

Properties
None

LinksPaginated

{
  "self": "string",
  "first": "string",
  "prev": "string",
  "next": "string",
  "last": "string"
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
self	URIString	mandatory	none	Fully qualified link that generated the current response document
first	URIString	conditional	none	URI to the first page of this set. Mandatory if this response is not the first page
prev	URIString	conditional	none	URI to the previous page of this set. Mandatory if this response is not the first page
next	URIString	conditional	none	URI to the next page of this set. Mandatory if this response is not the last page
last	URIString	conditional	none	URI to the last page of this set. Mandatory if this response is not the last page
MetaPaginated

{
  "totalRecords": 0,
  "totalPages": 0
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
totalRecords	NaturalNumber	mandatory	none	The total number of records in the full set. See pagination.
totalPages	NaturalNumber	mandatory	none	The total number of pages in the full set. See pagination.
ResponseErrorList

{
  "errors": [
    {
      "code": "string",
      "title": "string",
      "detail": "string",
      "meta": {}
    }
  ]
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
errors	[object]	mandatory	none	none
» code	string	mandatory	none	Must be one of the following: 0001 – Account not able to be found
» title	string	mandatory	none	Must be one of the following: Invalid account
» detail	string	mandatory	none	ID of the account not found
» meta	object	optional	none	Optional additional data for specific error types
BankingProductCategory

"BUSINESS_LOANS"

The category to which a product or account belongs. See here for more details

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
anonymous	string	mandatory	none	The category to which a product or account belongs. See here for more details
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
anonymous	BUSINESS_LOANS
anonymous	CRED_AND_CHRG_CARDS
anonymous	LEASES
anonymous	MARGIN_LOANS
anonymous	OVERDRAFTS
anonymous	PERS_LOANS
anonymous	REGULATED_TRUST_ACCOUNTS
anonymous	RESIDENTIAL_MORTGAGES
anonymous	TERM_DEPOSITS
anonymous	TRADE_FINANCE
anonymous	TRAVEL_CARDS
anonymous	TRANS_AND_SAVINGS_ACCOUNTS
Product Categories
The Product Category enumeration lists the available product categories for categorising products and accounts. These are explained in the following tables:

Deposit Products

Enum	Description
REGULATED_TRUST_ACCOUNTS	This grouping of products includes accounts were funds are held in trust in regulated industries with complex rules embedded on how the products must operate. Industries that require this sort of product include real estate agents, solicitors and conveyancers.
TERM_DEPOSITS	This grouping of products includes all accounts where cash is deposited in the account for a set time period with restrictions on when funds can be withdrawn. Includes traditional Term Deposits and specialised deposits with either fixed terms or notice periods for withdrawal of funds.
TRANS_AND_SAVINGS_ACCOUNTS	This grouping of products includes all accounts where cash is deposited in the account and is accessible to the customer when they choose. These are given many names on the market including Cash Accounts, Saving Accounts, Transaction Accounts, Current Accounts, Cheque Accounts, Passbook Accounts, etc...
TRAVEL_CARDS	This grouping of products includes prepaid cards with multi-currency capabilities.
Lending Products

Enum	Description
BUSINESS_LOANS	This grouping of products incorporates all types of lending for business purpose that is not a trade finance facility, lease, overdraft, residential mortgage, credit card or margin lending. It includes traditional term loans, bank guarantees and commercial bills. This category would incorporate both secured and unsecured business purpose lending including all business purpose equipment finance that is not covered by a lease.
CRED_AND_CHRG_CARDS	This grouping of products includes all lending products that are issued for the purpose of allowing a flexible line of credit accessed through use of a card. These may be called various names including Credit Cards, Charge Cards and Store Cards.
LEASES	This grouping of products will include all types of leases including Financial Lease, Operating Lease, Sale and leaseback, etc...
MARGIN_LOANS	This grouping of products includes all types of margin loans which let you borrow money to invest in traded assets including shares & commodities or in managed funds.
OVERDRAFTS	This grouping of products includes all types of lending which allows for the loan amount to be withdrawn, repaid, and redrawn again in any manner and any number of times, until the arrangement expires. These loans may be secured or unsecured, and generally don’t have set / minimum repayment requirements.
PERS_LOANS	This grouping of products includes all lending for personal purposes that is not a residential mortgage, credit card or margin lending. These loans may be unsecured loans and term loans for purchase assets used as security such as motor vehicles. These may be called various names including Personal Loans and Car Loans.
RESIDENTIAL_MORTGAGES	This grouping of products includes all lending products that are available for the primary purpose of borrowing for the purpose of purchasing or renovating residential property, where a residential property will be used as security. This group will include both fixed, variable & secured overdraft types of product and may include both owner-occupied and investment purpose borrowing.
TRADE FINANCE	This grouping of products includes specialised lending products specifically designed to facilitate domestic & international trade. This includes the issuance of letters of credit, factoring, export credit.
Product & Account Components

Product Feature Types
Description of the usage of the featureType field as it applies to products.

Value	Description	Use of additionalValue Field
ADDITIONAL_CARDS	Additional cards can be requested	The maximum number of additional cards. If no maximum then should be set to null
BALANCE_TRANSFERS	Balance transfers can be made to the account (eg. for credit cards)	NA
BILL_PAYMENT	The product can be attached to an automatic budgeting and bill payment service	Optional name of the service
BONUS_REWARDS	Bonus loyalty rewards points are available	Number of points available
CARD_ACCESS	A card is available for the product to access funds	Text describing list of card types that this product can be linked to
COMPLEMENTARY_PRODUCT_DISCOUNTS	Indicates that complementary, discounted offerings (such as gift cards, or discounted travel) is available	Description of the complementary offering
DIGITAL_BANKING	Access is available to online banking features for the product	NA
DIGITAL_WALLET	A Digital wallet can be attached to the product	The name or brand of the wallet
DONATE_INTEREST	Indicates that interest generated from the product can be automatically donated to a charity or community group	NA
FREE_TXNS_ALLOWANCE	A set amount of transaction fee value that is discounted per month	The amount of transaction fee discounted (in AUD)
FREE_TXNS	A set number of free transactions available per month	The number of free transactions
INSURANCE	Insurance is provided as an additional feature of the product	Text description of the type of insurance (e.g. Travel Insurance)
INTEREST_FREE_TRANSFERS	Interest free period for balance transfers	Interest free period. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations
INTEREST_FREE	Interest free period for purchases	Interest free period. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations
LOYALTY_PROGRAM	A points based loyalty program is available	Name of the loyalty program
NOTIFICATIONS	Advanced notifications are available for the product	Description of the notification capability
NPP_ENABLED	An account of this product type can be used to receive funds as a result of a BSB/Number based NPP payment	NA
NPP_PAYID	An account of this product type can be used as the target of an NPP PayID	NA
OFFSET	An offset account can be connected to the product	NA
OVERDRAFT	An overdraft can be applied for	NA
REDRAW	Redraw of repaid principal above minimum required is available	NA
UNLIMITED_TXNS	Unlimited free transactions available	NA
OTHER	Another feature that can not be included in any of the other categories. The additionalInfo field is mandatory for this type	NA

Product Constraint Types
Description of the usage of the constraintType field as it applies to products.

Value	Description	Use of additionalValue Field
MIN_BALANCE	A minimum balance is required for the product	The minimum balance in AmountString format
MIN_LIMIT	A minimum limit exists (such as a minimum loan balance denoting the borrowable amount or minimum credit limit)	The minimum limit in AmountString format
MAX_BALANCE	A maximum balance is required for the product	The maximum balance in AmountString format
MAX_LIMIT	A maximum limit exists (such as a maximum loan balance denoting the borrowable amount or maximum allowable credit limit)	The maximum limit in AmountString format
OPENING_BALANCE	An opening balance is required for the product	The minimum opening balance in AmountString format

Product Eligibility Types
Description of the usage of the eligibilityType field as it applies to products.

Value	Description	Use of additionalValue Field
BUSINESS	Only business may apply for the account	NA
EMPLOYMENT_STATUS	An eligibility constraint based on employment status applies	A description of the status required
MAX_AGE	Only customers younger than a maximum age may apply	The maximum age in years
MIN_AGE	Only customers older than a minimum age may apply	The minimum age in years
MIN_INCOME	The customer must have an income greater than a specified threshold to obtain the product	Minimum income in AmountString format
MIN_TURNOVER	Only a business with greater than a minimum turnover may apply	Minimum turnover in AmountString format
NATURAL_PERSON	The customer must be a natural person rather than another legal entity	NA
PENSION_RECIPIENT	A recipient of a government pension may apply for the product	NA
RESIDENCY_STATUS	An eligibility constraint based on residency status applies	A description of the status required
STAFF	Only a staff member of the provider may apply	NA
STUDENT	Only students may apply for the product	NA
OTHER	Another eligibility criteria exists as described in the additionalInfo field (if this option is specified then the additionalInfo field is mandatory)	NA

Product Fee Types
Description of the usage of the feeType field as it applies to products.

Value	Description	Use of additionalValue Field
DEPOSIT	A fee associated with making a deposit	NA
EVENT	A fee in relation to a particular event (e.g. NA ordering a new card, viewing a balance or stopping a cheque)	NA
EXIT	A fee for closing the product	NA
PAYMENT	A fee associated with making a payment	NA
PERIODIC	A periodic fee such as a monthly account servicing fee	The period of charge. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations
PURCHASE	A fee associated with making a purchase at a merchant	NA
TRANSACTION	A fee associated with any transaction (incorporates WITHDRAWAL, DEPOSIT, PAYMENT and PURCHASE)	NA
UPFRONT	A fee paid at the beginning of the product NA lifecycle, such as an establishment fee, loyalty program fee or application fee	NA
VARIABLE	An at-cost fee that is relevant to a customer's circumstances where the amount or rate may not be known until negotiated with the customer	NA
WITHDRAWAL	A fee associated with making a withdrawal	NA

Product Discount Types
Description of the usage of the discountType field as it applies to products.

Value	Description	Use of additionalValue Field
BALANCE	Discount on a fee for maintaining a set balance. As the discount applies to a fee the period is the same as for the fee	The minimum balance in AmountString format
DEPOSITS	Discount for depositing a certain amount of money in a period. As the discount applies to a fee the period is the same as for the fee	The minimum deposit amount in AmountString format
ELIGIBILITY_ONLY	Discount applies based on customer eligibility (eligibility array must be populated)	N/A
FEE_CAP	The amount, balanceRate, transactionRate, accruedRate or feeRate fields of the discount represent the maximum amount charged in a time period	The time period for which the fee cap applies. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations
PAYMENTS	Discount for outbound payments from the account under a certain amount of money in a period. As the discount applies to a fee the period is the same as for the fee	The payment threshold amount in AmountString format

Product Discount Eligibility Types
Description of the usage of the discountEligibilityType field as it applies to products.

Value	Description	Use of additionalValue Field
BUSINESS	A business or other non-person legal entity	NA
EMPLOYMENT_STATUS	An eligibility constraint based on employment status applies	A description of the status required
INTRODUCTORY	The discount is only available during an introductory period	The period of time for the introductory discount. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations
MAX_AGE	Only customers younger than a maximum age receive the discount	The maximum age in years
MIN_AGE	Only customers older than a minimum age receive the discount	The minimum age in years
MIN_INCOME	The customer must have an income greater than a specified threshold to obtain the discount	Minimum income in AmountString format
MIN_TURNOVER	Only a business with greater than a minimum turnover is eligible	Minimum turnover in AmountString format
NATURAL_PERSON	The customer must be a natural person rather than another legal entity	NA
PENSION_RECIPIENT	A recipient of a government pension may receive the discount	Optional. Should contain a description of which pensions qualify
RESIDENCY_STATUS	An eligibility constraint based on residency status applies	A description of the status required
STAFF	Only a staff member of the provider may receive the discount	NA
STUDENT	Only students may receive the discount	Optional. Should contain a description of who qualifies as a student, e.g. do apprentices qualify?
OTHER	Another eligibility criteria exists as described in the additionalInfo field (if this option is specified then the additionalInfo field is mandatory)	NA

Product Deposit Rate Types
Description of the usage of the depositRateType field as it applies to products.

Value	Description	Use of additionalValue Field
BONUS	A bonus rate available by meeting a specific criteria	A description of the criteria to obtain the bonus
BUNDLE_BONUS	A bonus rate obtained by originating a bundle instead of a standalone product	The name of the bundle
FIXED	Fixed rate for a period of time	The period of time fixed. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations
FLOATING	A floating rate is relatively fixed but still adjusts under specific circumstances	Details of the float parameters
INTRODUCTORY	An introductory bonus that will expire after a set period	The period of time for the introductory rate. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations
MARKET_LINKED	A rate that is linked to a specific market, commodity or asset class	Details of the market linkage
VARIABLE	A variable base rate for the product	NA

Product Lending Rate Types
Description of the usage of the lendingRateType field as it applies to products.

Value	Description	Use of additionalValue Field
BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_FIXED	A discount rate off the fixed rate obtained by originating a bundle instead of a standalone product	The name of the bundle
BUNDLE_DISCOUNT_VARIABLE	A discount rate off the variable rate obtained by originating a bundle instead of a standalone product	The name of the bundle
CASH_ADVANCE	Specific rate applied to cash advances from the account	NA
DISCOUNT	A specific discount rate that may be applied. A discount rate reduces the interest payable	Description of the discount rate that is applicable
FIXED	Fixed rate for a period of time	The period of time fixed. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations
FLOATING	A floating rate is relatively fixed but still adjusts under specific circumstances	Details of the float parameters
INTRODUCTORY	An introductory discount that will expire after a set period	The period of time for the introductory rate. Formatted according to ISO 8601 Durations
MARKET_LINKED	A rate that is linked to a specific market, commodity or asset class	Details of the market linkage
PENALTY	A specific penalty rate that may be applied. A penalty rate increases the interest payable	Description of the penalty rate that is applicable
PURCHASE	Specific rate applied to purchases from the account	NA
VARIABLE	A variable base rate for the product	NA

Banking Term Deposit Account Types
Description of the usage of the maturityInstructions field as it applies to accounts.

Value	Description	Use of additionalValue Field
HOLD_ON_MATURITY	Funds are held in a facility or similar mechanism managed by the data holder for a period of time until the customer provides instructions or the maximum period of the hold has elapsed. Funds may be renewed or withdrawn upon instructions by the customer	NA

Banking CRN Types
Description of the usage of the crn types.

Value	Description	Use of additionalValue Field
FIXED_CRN	A unique reference number such as a credit card or a fixed reference number identifying a customer's account that does not change with each bill	NA
VARIABLE_CRN	Biller generated reference number provided to the customer that is unique to each bill	NA
INTELLIGENT_CRN	Biller generated reference number provided to the customer that is unique to each bill which fixes the amount of the bill being paid, expiry date or both	NA
Admin APIs
This provides an overview of CDS Administration Endpoints. Please note this API is intended for Data Holders/ Recipients only.


Admin Swagger (JSON)
Admin Swagger (YAML)
Metadata Update

Code samples

POST https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/admin/register/metadata HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Content-Type: application/json

x-v: string
x-min-v: string

var headers = {
  'Content-Type':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/admin/register/metadata',
  method: 'post',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

POST /admin/register/metadata

Indicate that a critical update to the metadata for Accredited Data Recipients has been made and should be obtained

Body parameter

{
  "data": {
    "action": "REFRESH"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Endpoint Version
Version	1
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder should respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder should respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
body	body	RequestMetaDataUpdate	mandatory	none
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	None
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
 This operation may only be called by the CDR Register
Get Metrics

Code samples

GET https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/admin/metrics HTTP/1.1
Host: data.holder.com.au
Accept: application/json
x-v: string
x-min-v: string

var headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'x-v':'string',
  'x-min-v':'string'

};

$.ajax({
  url: 'https://data.holder.com.au/cds-au/v1/admin/metrics',
  method: 'get',

  headers: headers,
  success: function(data) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(data));
  }
})

GET /admin/metrics

This end point allows the ACCC to obtain operational statistics from the Data Holder on the operation of their CDR compliant implementation. The statistics obtainable from this end point are determined by the non-functional requirements for the CDR regime.

NOTE: This version must be implemented by July 31st 2021

Obsolete versions: v1

Endpoint Version
Version	2
Parameters
Name	In	Type	Required	Description
period	query	string	optional	The period of metrics to be requested. Values can be CURRENT (meaning metrics for current day), HISTORIC (meaning metrics for previous days or months) or ALL. If absent the default is ALL.
x-v	header	string	mandatory	Version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If the value of x-min-v is equal to or higher than the value of x-v then the x-min-v header should be treated as absent. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder should respond with a 406 Not Acceptable. See HTTP Headers
x-min-v	header	string	optional	Minimum version of the API end point requested by the client. Must be set to a positive integer if provided. The data holder should respond with the highest supported version between x-min-v and x-v. If all versions requested are not supported then the data holder should respond with a 406 Not Acceptable.
Enumerated Values
Parameter	Value
period	CURRENT
period	HISTORIC
period	ALL
Example responses

200 Response

{
  "data": {
    "requestTime": "string",
    "availability": {
      "currentMonth": 0,
      "previousMonths": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "performance": {
      "currentDay": 0,
      "previousDays": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "invocations": {
      "unauthenticated": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "highPriority": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "lowPriority": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "unattended": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "largePayload": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      }
    },
    "averageResponse": {
      "unauthenticated": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "highPriority": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "lowPriority": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "unattended": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "largePayload": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      }
    },
    "sessionCount": {
      "currentDay": 0,
      "previousDays": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "averageTps": {
      "currentDay": 0,
      "previousDays": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "peakTps": {
      "currentDay": 0,
      "previousDays": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "errors": {
      "currentDay": 0,
      "previousDays": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "rejections": {
      "authenticated": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "unauthenticated": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      }
    },
    "customerCount": 0,
    "recipientCount": 0
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}
Responses
Status	Meaning	Description	Schema
200	OK	Success	ResponseMetricsListV2
Response Headers
Status	Header	Type	Format	Description
200	x-v	string		The version of the API end point that the data holder has responded with.
 This operation may only be called by the CDR Register
Schemas
RequestMetaDataUpdate

{
  "data": {
    "action": "REFRESH"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» action	string	mandatory	none	The action to take for the meta data. At the moment the only option is REFRESH which requires the data holder to call the ACCC to refresh meta data as soon as practicable
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
Enumerated Values
Property	Value
action	REFRESH
ResponseMetricsListV2

{
  "data": {
    "requestTime": "string",
    "availability": {
      "currentMonth": 0,
      "previousMonths": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "performance": {
      "currentDay": 0,
      "previousDays": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "invocations": {
      "unauthenticated": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "highPriority": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "lowPriority": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "unattended": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "largePayload": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      }
    },
    "averageResponse": {
      "unauthenticated": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "highPriority": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "lowPriority": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "unattended": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "largePayload": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      }
    },
    "sessionCount": {
      "currentDay": 0,
      "previousDays": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "averageTps": {
      "currentDay": 0,
      "previousDays": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "peakTps": {
      "currentDay": 0,
      "previousDays": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "errors": {
      "currentDay": 0,
      "previousDays": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "rejections": {
      "authenticated": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      },
      "unauthenticated": {
        "currentDay": 0,
        "previousDays": [
          0
        ]
      }
    },
    "customerCount": 0,
    "recipientCount": 0
  },
  "links": {
    "self": "string"
  },
  "meta": {}
}

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
data	object	mandatory	none	none
» requestTime	DateTimeString	mandatory	none	The date and time that the metrics in this payload were requested.
» availability	AvailabilityMetrics	conditional	none	Percentage availability of the CDR platform over time
» performance	PerformanceMetrics	conditional	none	Percentage of calls within the performance thresholds
» invocations	InvocationMetrics	conditional	none	Number of API calls in each performance tier over time
» averageResponse	AverageResponseMetrics	conditional	none	Average response time in seconds, at millisecond resolution, within each performance tier
» sessionCount	SessionCountMetrics	conditional	none	Session counts over time. Note that a session is defined as the provisioning of an Access Token.
» averageTps	AverageTPSMetrics	conditional	none	Transactions per second over time
» peakTps	PeakTPSMetrics	conditional	none	Maximum record transactions per second over time
» errors	ErrorMetrics	conditional	none	Number of calls resulting in error due to server execution over time
» rejections	RejectionMetricsV2	conditional	none	Number of calls rejected due to traffic thresholds over time
» customerCount	integer	conditional	none	Number of customers with active authorisations at the time of the call
» recipientCount	integer	conditional	none	Number of data recipients with active authorisations at the time of the call
links	Links	mandatory	none	none
meta	Meta	optional	none	none
AvailabilityMetrics

{
  "currentMonth": 0,
  "previousMonths": [
    0
  ]
}

Percentage availability of the CDR platform over time

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
currentMonth	number	conditional	none	Percentage availability of the CDR platform so far for the current calendar month. 0.0 means 0%. 1.0 means 100%.
previousMonths	[number]	conditional	none	Percentage availability of the CDR platform for previous calendar months. The first element indicates the last month and so on. A maximum of twelve entries is required if available. 0.0 means 0%. 1.0 means 100%.
PerformanceMetrics

{
  "currentDay": 0,
  "previousDays": [
    0
  ]
}

Percentage of calls within the performance thresholds

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
currentDay	number	conditional	none	Percentage of calls within the performance threshold for the current day. 0.0 means 0%. 1.0 means 100%
previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	Percentage of calls within the performance threshold for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available. 0.0 means 0%. 1.0 means 100%
InvocationMetrics

{
  "unauthenticated": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  },
  "highPriority": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  },
  "lowPriority": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  },
  "unattended": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  },
  "largePayload": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  }
}

Number of API calls in each performance tier over time

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
unauthenticated	object	conditional	none	API call counts for the unauthenticated tier
» currentDay	number	conditional	none	API call counts for current day
» previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	API call counts for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available
highPriority	object	conditional	none	API call counts for the high priority tier
» currentDay	number	conditional	none	API call counts for current day
» previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	API call counts for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available
lowPriority	object	conditional	none	API call counts for the low priority tier
» currentDay	number	conditional	none	API call counts for current day
» previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	API call counts for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available
unattended	object	conditional	none	API call counts for the unattended tier
» currentDay	number	conditional	none	API call counts for current day
» previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	API call counts for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available
largePayload	object	conditional	none	API call counts for the large payload tier
» currentDay	number	conditional	none	API call counts for current day
» previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	API call counts for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available
AverageResponseMetrics

{
  "unauthenticated": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  },
  "highPriority": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  },
  "lowPriority": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  },
  "unattended": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  },
  "largePayload": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  }
}

Average response time in seconds, at millisecond resolution, within each performance tier

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
unauthenticated	object	conditional	none	Average response time for the unauthenticated tier
» currentDay	number	conditional	none	Average response time for current day
» previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	Average response time for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available.
highPriority	object	conditional	none	Average response time for the high priority tier
» currentDay	number	conditional	none	Average response time for current day
» previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	Average response time for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available.
lowPriority	object	conditional	none	Average response time for the low priority tier
» currentDay	number	conditional	none	Average response time for current day
» previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	Average response time for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available.
unattended	object	conditional	none	Average response time for the unattended tier
» currentDay	number	conditional	none	Average response time for current day
» previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	Average response time for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available.
largePayload	object	conditional	none	Average response time for the large payload tier
» currentDay	number	conditional	none	Average response time for current day
» previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	Average response time for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available.
SessionCountMetrics

{
  "currentDay": 0,
  "previousDays": [
    0
  ]
}

Session counts over time. Note that a session is defined as the provisioning of an Access Token.

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
currentDay	number	conditional	none	Session count for current day
previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	Session count for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available
AverageTPSMetrics

{
  "currentDay": 0,
  "previousDays": [
    0
  ]
}

Transactions per second over time

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
currentDay	number	conditional	none	Average TPS for current day
previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	Average TPS for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available
PeakTPSMetrics

{
  "currentDay": 0,
  "previousDays": [
    0
  ]
}

Maximum record transactions per second over time

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
currentDay	number	conditional	none	Peak TPS for current day
previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	Peak TPS for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available
ErrorMetrics

{
  "currentDay": 0,
  "previousDays": [
    0
  ]
}

Number of calls resulting in error due to server execution over time

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
currentDay	number	conditional	none	Number of errors for current day
previousDays	[number]	conditional	none	Number of errors for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available
RejectionMetricsV2

{
  "authenticated": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  },
  "unauthenticated": {
    "currentDay": 0,
    "previousDays": [
      0
    ]
  }
}

Number of calls rejected due to traffic thresholds over time

Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
authenticated	object	optional	none	Rejection counts for all authenticated end points
» currentDay	number	optional	none	Number of calls rejected for current day
» previousDays	[number]	optional	none	Number of calls rejected for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available.
unauthenticated	object	optional	none	Rejection counts for all uauthenticated end points
» currentDay	number	optional	none	Number of calls rejected for current day
» previousDays	[number]	optional	none	Number of calls rejected for previous days. The first element indicates yesterday and so on. A maximum of seven entries is required if available.
Links

{
  "self": "string"
}



Properties
Name	Type	Required	Restrictions	Description
self	URIString	mandatory	none	Fully qualified link to this API call
Meta

{}



Properties
None

Authorisation Scopes
The following authorisation scopes have been defined for the standards. Each API end point will specify which scopes are required to access the data available via that end point.

Scope Name	Scope ID	Description
Basic Bank Account Data	bank:accounts.basic:read	This scope would allow for the third party to access basic information of the customer’s accounts.

Includes simple account information including balance.
Does not include account identifiers, product information or transaction data.
Detailed Bank Account Data	bank:accounts.detail:read	This scope would allow for the third party to access detailed information of the customer’s accounts. This scope is effectively additional authorisation to the Basic Bank Account Data scope. Granting this authorisation only makes sense if the Bank Account Data scope is also authorised.

Includes basic account information plus account identifiers and product information.
Does not include transaction data.
Bank Transaction Data	bank:transactions:read	This scope would allow the third party to access transaction data for accounts. This scope is effectively additional authorisation to the Basic Bank Account Data scope. Granting this authorisation only makes sense if the Basic Bank Account Data scope is also authorised.

Includes all account transaction data.
Bank Payee Data	bank:payees:read	This scope allows access to payee information stored by the customer.

Includes payee information such as billers, international beneficiaries and domestic payees.
Bank Regular Payments	bank:regular_payments:read	The scope would allow the third party to access regular payments. Includes Direct Debits and Scheduled Payments.
Basic Customer Data	common:customer.basic:read	The scope would allow the third party to access personally identifiable information about the customer. For retail customers this would be information about the customer themselves. For business customers it would imply the name of specific user but also information about the business.

Includes name and occupation for individuals or name, business numbers and industry code for organisations
Detailed Customer Data	common:customer.detail:read	The scope would allow the third party to access more detailed information about the customer. Includes the data available with the Basic Customer Data scope plus contact details.

Includes basic data plus phone, email and address information.
Public	NA	Openly accessible information. A customer would never need to grant this scope. This scope is included so that end points that can be called without requiring authorisation can be identified.

Includes access to openly available information such as generic product information.
Non-functional Requirements
 The standard relating to NFRs will commence on a date specified by the Data Standards Chair. It is intended that an analysis of actual usage in a production implementation for a period of time is conducted to validate that the specific thresholds stipulated in this section are appropriate prior to this standard commencing and becoming a binding data standard under the Consumer Data Rules.
The non-functional requirements (NFRs) for the Consumer Data Right regime cover a number of considerations:

Minimum performance and availability expectations for data holders. Included to ensure a reliable and performant service is offered to data recipients and customers.
Maximum traffic expectations for data holders. Included to ensure there is a ceiling for the amount of traffic that a data holder is expected to service.
Requirements for reporting of performance. Included to provide transparency of performance without the need for time consuming auditing or inspection.
Requirements for data latency and quality. Included to give a clear indication to the depth and recency of the data available under the regime.
Limitations on the number of calls that a data recipient can make to a single provider. Included to protect data holders from poorly designed or overly transactional data recipient implementations.
Definitions
In the following definition of NFRs specific terms have the following meanings:

Data Recipient: For the purposes of these NFRs a data recipient is defined as a configured application presented in the register meta data. This acknowledges that a single accredited entity may be able to register multiple independent services (or apps) that can obtain authorisations from consumers independently of each other.
Session: A session is defined as the life span of a unique Access Token. Multiple API requests made with a single, valid, Access Token would be considered part of a single Session.
Customer Present: Authenticated API requests made in direct response to interactions by the end customer using the digital services of the data recipient will be considered “Customer Present”. Technically a data holder will define an API request as “Customer Present” if, and only if, the x-fapi-customer-ip-address header is populated with a valid IP address of the end customer’s device.
Customer Not Present: Authenticated API requests that are not deemed to be “Customer Present”
Unattended: A synonym of “Customer Not Present”
Authenticated: API requests to API end points that the standards require to be protected by security mechanisms that enforce explicit customer authorisation
Unauthenticated: API requests to API end points that the standards deem to be publically available. This implies that these end points may be accessed by any client without the client performing any authentication or authorisation actions
High Traffic Period: Any time in the 18 hour period between 6am and 12am (midnight) is considered to be a high traffic period
Low Traffic Period: Any time of the day not considered to be included in a high traffic period.
Large Payload: An API which is capable of returning a large data response that would reasonably impose higher data retrieval times on the resource server. Typically bulk request end points.
Session Requirements
A expiry time of a unique session should be set according to the statements included in the Security Profile.

After a unique session is expired it is expected that the data recipient, for the same customer, may establish a new session as long as the authorisation is still valid.

Availability Requirements
Service availability requirement for data holders: 99.5% per month

The definition of a period of unavailability is any period of time when any of the API end points defined in the standard is unable to reliably provide a successful response to an appropriately constructed request.

The availability requirement applies to both authenticated and unauthenticated end points.

The availability requirement does not include planned outages. Planned outages should be:

Commensurate in length and frequency to other primary digital channels offered by the data holder,
Published to data recipients with at least one week lead time for normal outages,
May occur without notification if the change is to resolve a critical service or security issue.
Performance Requirements
API end point performance will be measured in response time of individual API requests from receipt of request to delivery of response.

It is understood that different response times can be measured depending on which technical layer of an API implementation stack is instrumented and that not all of the technical layers between the data recipient and the data holder will be in the control of the data holder. As this is implementation specific it is expected that the data holder will ensure that the measurement of response time occurs as close to the data recipient as practicable.

In light of these considerations, the performance requirement for data holders is:

95% of calls per hour responded to within a nominated threshold

The nominated threshold for each end point will be according to the following table:

Tier	Response Time	Applies To…
Unauthenticated	1500ms	All Unauthenticated end points not otherwise specified in a separate threshold.
High Priority	1000ms	All calls to the following end points:
All InfoSec end points including Dynamic Client Registration
CDR Arrangement Revocation
The following Unauthenticated end points:
Get Status
Get Outages
Customer Present calls to the following end points:
Get Accounts
Get Customer
Get Customer Detail
Low Priority	1500ms	Customer Present calls to the following end points:
Get Account Detail
Get Account Balance
Get Bulk Balances
Get Balances For Specific Accounts
Get Transactions For Account
Get Transaction Detail
Get Payees
Get Payee Detail
Get Direct Debits For Account
Get Scheduled Payments For Account
Get Scheduled Payments Bulk
Get Scheduled Payments For Specific Accounts
Unattended	4000ms	Unattended calls to the following end points that are not Large Payload end points:
High Priority Authenticated end points
Low Priority Authenticated end points
All Admin end points.
Large Payload	6000ms	Any Unattended calls to the following end points:
Get Bulk Direct Debits
Get Direct Debits For Specific Accounts
Note that calls initiated in excess of a traffic threshold (see next section) may be excluded from the performance requirement.

Traffic Thresholds
Calls in excess of the following traffic thresholds will be able to be freely throttled or rejected by a data holder without impact to their performance or availability requirements.

Traffic thresholds will be set using the following metrics:

Number of sessions per day – the number of individual sessions initiated in a calendar day.
Transactions Per Second (TPS) – the number of concurrent transactions each second.
Number of calls – the number of end point calls initiated for a specified duration.
For Customer Present and authorisation traffic the following traffic thresholds will apply:

Unlimited sessions per day
10 TPS per customer
50 TPS per data recipient
For Unattended traffic the following traffic thresholds will apply for low traffic periods:

20 sessions per day, per customer, per data recipient
100 total calls per session
5TPS per session
50 TPS per data recipient
For Unattended traffic during high traffic periods only best effort support is required.

For secure traffic (both Customer Present and Unattended) the following traffic thresholds will apply:

300 TPS total across all consumers
For Public traffic (i.e. traffic to unauthenticated end points) the following traffic thresholds will apply:

300 TPS total across all consumers (additive to secure traffic)
Data Recipient Requirements
Data recipients will be limited by the traffic thresholds documented in the previous section. In addition to this data recipients are expected to design their services according to the following principles:

Services should be designed to minimise traffic with data holders
Services should be designed to be resilient in the case of the rejection of a call by a data holder due to traffic threshold breaches
Services should schedule unattended calls to avoid high traffic periods
Unattended calls should be managed to avoid short term bursts of traffic
Reporting Requirements
The mechanism for reporting will be via the CDR Administration Endpoints.

The following information is to be reported:

Availability for current month
Availability for each of the previous twelve months
Percentage of calls within performance threshold for current day
Percentage of calls within performance threshold for each of the previous seven days
Number of calls within each performance tier for current day
Number of calls within each performance tier for each of the previous seven days
Average response time within each performance tier for current day
Average response time within each performance tier for each of the previous seven days
Number of sessions for current day
Number of sessions for each of the previous seven days
Peak total TPS for current day
Peak total TPS for each of the previous seven days
Average TPS for current day
Average TPS for each of the previous seven days
Number of calls resulting in error due to server execution for current day
Number of calls resulting in error due to server execution for each of the previous seven days
Number of calls rejected due to traffic thresholds for current day
Number of calls rejected due to traffic thresholds for each of the previous seven days
Number of customers with active authorisations
Number of data recipients with active authorisations
Data Latency
Within this proposal there is no specific requirement with regard to data latency (ie. how up to date data should be). Instead, the requirement for data latency is that data presented via API end points should be commensurate to data presented via other primary digital channels.

For example, for a Bank that provides a mobile application as their primary digital experience, a balance presented via one of the balance end points should be the same as the balance presented through the mobile application.

Data Quality
Data holders are required to take reasonable steps to ensure that CDR data, having regard to the purpose for which it is held, is accurate and up to date.

A data holder is required to be able to demonstrate that reasonable steps to maintain data quality are being undertaken.

Exemptions To Protect Service
In the event of the following extreme circumstances data holders will be able to obtain relief from non-functional requirements:

Periods of time when the digital channels for the data holder are the target for a distributed denial of service or equivalent form of attack (this should result in http error 429 Too Many Requests being returned).
A significant increase in traffic from a poorly designed or misbehaving data recipient (this should result in http error 429 Too Many Requests being returned).
If the data holder identifies a situation where there is the potential for physical or financial harm or abuse (this should result in http error 403 Forbidden being returned).
Known Issues
This version of the standards currently has no known issues

Change Log
The following table lists the changes made to these standards in reverse date order (most recent change is at the top).

Change Date	Version	Description	Detail Of change
25/9/2020	1.5.1	Revert 1.5.0 CRN update	See release notes for details
16/9/2020	1.5.0	Second Banking Maintenance Iteration 4 Release	See release notes for details
12/8/2020	1.4.0	Banking Maintenance Iteration 4 Release	See release notes for details
22/5/2020	1.3.1	Maintenance updates	Error Fixes
See release notes for detail
17/4/2020	1.3.0	Minor Update Release	Incorporates maintenance iteration 2 changes along with a number other CX and technical changes
See release notes for detail
31/1/2020	1.2.0	Phase 2 Baseline	Baseline version for the Phase 2 implementation of the CDR regime
See release notes for detail
20/1/2020	1.1.1	Maintenance updates	Error Fixes
See release notes for detail
10/12/2019	1.1.0	Banking Maintenance Iteration 1 Changes	Changes arising from iteration 1 of the banking maintenance cadence.
See release notes for detail
12/11/2019	1.0.1	Patch update	Minor defect changes and clarifications.
See release notes for detail
30/9/2019	1.0.0	Baseline version 1	This release is the baseline release for the standards that are intended for implementation February 2020 and contains minor updates as well as changes to align to the locked down CDR Rules and the updated CDR Register design
4/9/2019	0.9.6	Defect fix release	This release addresses a series of documentation issues and other clarifications as identified via GitHub feedback
15/7/2019	0.9.5	Incorporated May 2019 Feedback	This version incorporates the decisions arising from the consultation feedback obtained on the May 2019 draft of the standards (v0.9.3)
27/6/2019	0.9.4	Documentation and error fixes from May draft	
Added missing versioning headers x-v/ x-min-v
Removed Banking API's tag
Fixed nonBusinessDayTreatment enum default is an array
Removal of empty x-scope in product reference
BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrence removed required intervals field
Added Swagger Contact object
BankingScheduledPaymentRecurrence removed required intervals field
Minor updates to static documentation typos/ broken links
Added cross links to additionalValue descriptions for Product Reference enums
Minor updates to product reference samples
29/5/2019	0.9.3	Final updates for May Draft	Addition of Discoverability, InfoSec Profile and minor corrections
28/5/2019	0.9.2	Admin End Points	Added separate swagger/yaml as well as documentation for admin end points
28/5/2019	0.9.1	Modified BankingProductRateTier.maximumValue to optional	Rebuild of docs
28/5/2019	0.9.0	Incorporated Scheduled Payments Decision proposal 51	Swagger updates and Documentation changes
13/5/2019	0.8.4	InfoSec Update	Imported the InfoSec content without update for recent proposals
12/5/2019	0.8.3	Optionality Update	Clarified the meaning of a field declaration of optional
7/5/2019	0.8.2	Minor fixes	Minor fixes for product category enum
6/4/2019	0.8.1	Negative Rates	Modified RateString to allow for negative rates and not just positive or zero rates
3/4/2019	0.8.0	Accounts and Balances v1 final	Applied changes to prepare for v1 version of Accounts and Balances end points and payloads documentation
27/4/2019	0.7.0	April Feedback	Incorporated feedback from v1 draft decisions and feedback cycle 5
23/4/2019	0.6.0	Payees & Customer v1 draft	Applied changes to prepare for v1 version of Payees & Customer end points and payloads documentation
16/4/2019	0.5.0	Transaction v1 draft	Applied changes to prepare for v1 version of Transaction end points and payloads documentation
16/4/2019	0.4.0	Direct Debit Auth v1 draft	Applied changes to prepare for v1 version of Direct Debit Authorisations end points and payloads documentation
9/4/2019	0.3.0	Product Reference v1 final	Synchronised standards documentation and swagger with final Decision 054 - Product Reference v1
11/3/2019	0.2.0	Product Reference v1 draft	Applied changes to prepare for v1 version of Product Reference end points and payloads
22/2/2019	0.2.0	Rate tier name	Addition of a name field for rate tiers
21/2/2019	0.2.0	Rate tiering	Added rate tiering and additional rate types based on community feedback
19/2/2019	0.2.0	Fees and Discounts	Updated product and account fees, discounts and elibilities based on community feedback
19/2/2019	0.2.0	Doc Sync	Synchronised the API documentation with the swagger files
11/2/2019	0.2.0	Consistency Fixes	Fixes to end points for consistency across the standard. Changes as follows:
Made the use of the data object consistent (all objects with mixin for properties)
Modifed the ErrorList object to ResponseErrorList as it really is a response object
Fixed required status for links and meta properties
Added query paging params for POST queries that return lists
4/2/2019	0.2.0	Object Model Names	Updated the swagger json and yaml files to make the object model names consistent
21/12/2018	0.2.0	Transaction payloads	Removed incorrect inclusion of accountId, displayName and nickname for transaction response payloads
20/12/2018	0.2.0	Version 0.20	Version updated formally to version 0.20 for Christmas Draft
20/12/2018	0.1.0	Updated documentation	Documentation has been automatically generated from the swagger for consistency
20/12/2018	0.1.0	Known issues	Added a section identifying known issues with the standards that are under review
20/12/2018	0.1.0	Cursor based pagination	Added commentary in pagination section on the potential use of cursors
20/12/2018	0.1.0	Minor amendments to response codes	Additional wording to support caching and inserted a cross reference to the error payload section
20/12/2018	0.1.0	Minor amendments to extensibility	Minor wording changes for clarity and included reference to addition of new query parameters
20/12/2018	0.1.0	Unauthenticated end points	Modified URI structure commentary to allow for a different provider path for unauthenticated end points
20/12/2018	0.1.0	Festive spirit	Critical update - added a Santa hat to the logo
20/12/2018	0.1.0	FAPI Headers	Added FAPI specific headers arising from the InfoSec work
19/12/2018	0.1.0	PAFAddress	Added detail for the PAFAddress model based on the Australia Post PAF file format definition
19/12/2018	0.1.0	RateString common type	Changed the RateString type to represent rates such that 100% is represented by the value 1.0
19/12/2018	0.1.0	URIString common type	Corrected the name of the URIString common type
19/12/2018	0.1.0	Updated swagger files	Swagger files were updated to address feedback. Documentation has not been changed to reflect these changes unless stated. Changes are as follows:
Fixed up numerous field descriptions based on feedback
Fixed all country fields to use ISO 3166 Alpha-3
Fixed all documentation errors raised in published feedback summary except addition of PAFAddress
Added all minor amendments raised in published feedback summary
Modifications according to responses in technical feedback section documented in published feedback summary
organisationType for Organisation model is now required due to addition of OTHER value
19/12/2018	0.1.0	Masking rules	Added specificity to the masking guidance for the masked string primitives
18/12/2018	0.1.0	Updated swagger files	Swagger files were updated to address feedback. Documentation has not been changed to reflect these changes unless stated. Changes are as follows:
Extracted common query parameters
Extracted enums with repeated use
Used schema composition to facilitate model inheritance
Removed erroneous default values
Corrected for JSON syntax errors
Standardised Operation IDs and Model names
Change $type fields to PType (also fixed in doco)
18/12/2018	0.1.0	Addition of change log	This change log was added to the standards documentation
Archives
The following table lists archived versions of the Consumer Data Standards. These are older versions of the standards that are available for reference only. They are not considered binding.

Releases Date	Version	Description
16/9/2020	1.5.0	Banking Maintenance Iteration 4 Release
12/8/2020	1.4.0	Banking Maintenance Iteration 3 Release
22/5/2020	1.3.1	May Banking Maintenance Iteration 2 Release
17/4/2020	1.3.0	April 1.3.0 Release
31/1/2020	1.2.0	January 1.2.0 Release
30/9/2019	1.0.0	September 1.0.0 Release
4/9/2019	0.9.6	September fixes update
15/7/2019	0.9.5	July 2019 Working Draft
29/5/2019	0.9.3	May 2019 Working Draft
18/12/2018	0.1.0	Christmas 2018 Working Draft - InfoSec Profile
18/12/2018	0.2.0	Christmas 2018 Working Draft - Standards
2/11/2018	0.1.0	November 2018 Working Draft
